{
      "name":["Elodea densa"],
      "introduction":"\n\nElodea densa, the large-flowered waterweed or Brazilian waterweed, is a species of Elodea native to warm temperate South America in southeastern Brazil, Argentina, Chile and Uruguay. It is considered a problematic invasive species due to its use in home aquariums and subsequent release into non-native ecosystems.",
      "sections":"Elodea densa is an aquatic plant growing in water up to 4 m (13 ft) deep, with trailing stems to 2 m (6.6 ft) or more long, producing roots at intervals along the stem. The leaves are produced in whorls of four to eight, 1–4 cm (0.39–1.57 in) long and 2–5 mm (0.079–0.197 in) broad, with a pointed leaf tip. The stem system of the plant will grow until it reaches the surface of the water, where it will begin to spread out, creating a thick flower canopy that blocks light from reaching plants below it. It is dioecious, with male and female flowers on separate plants; the flowers are 12–20 mm (0.47–0.79 in) diameter, with three broad, rounded, white petals, 8–10 mm (0.31–0.39 in) long on male plants, and 6–7 mm (0.24–0.28 in) long on female plants.\n\nElodea densa typically displays little variation in growth patterns throughout the year when grown in tropical environments; however, when grown in more moderate environments the plant spends most of its energy on starch production and storage in the winter and canopy growth during the summer season.\n\nElodea densa was scientifically described by Jules Émile Planchon in 1849 and given the name Egeria densa, creating the genus Egeria. In 1857 Robert Caspary moved it to genus Elodea.\n\nElodea densa is native to Argentina, Brazil, Uruguay  and Chile. As a result of its popularity in aquariums the plant has now spread to North America, Europe, Asia, Australia, New Zealand, and Africa.\n\nTemperature is important to the growth of Elodea densa; however, its growth is mostly stable in temperatures ranging from 16–28 °C (61–82 °F), with an upper temperature limit of 32 °C (90 °F) that results in reduced shoot growth and photosynthetic output. Colder temperatures will limit growth of the plant and can be used as a method of controlling its spread in non-native ecosystems.[citation needed]\n\nElodea densa is able to match photosynthetic output to available light like many macrophyte species. The species' ability to thrive in low light conditions and its ability to form a dense canopy makes it a very successful invader compared with other macrophytes, resulting in a reduction in the diversity of plant species where it is introduced.\n\nElodea densa is a popular aquarium plant, but is no longer sold in some areas due to its invasive potential. Plants in cultivation are all a male clone, reproducing vegetatively.\n\nIt grows well in the cooler aquarium and is suitable for the beginner. It is easily propagated by cuttings. According to reports it secretes antibiotic substances which can help prevent blue-green algae. It grows best in a nutrient-rich, high light environment, but has shown an ability to outcompete other species when it is introduced.\n\nE. densa, like other macrophytes, are effective when used in wastewater treatment plants due to the same factors that make it a potential invasive plant; mainly its ability to uptake nutrients, and sedimentation of particles from the water column.\n\nElodea densa has escaped from cultivation and become naturalized and invasive in many warm temperate to subtropical regions of the world, including Abkhazia, South Africa, the Azores, Guangdong, Hawaii, the Society Islands, Venezuela, New Zealand, New Caledonia, and North America. In the United States it occurs from New York south to Florida and west to California and Oregon. In the Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta of California, it was introduced in the 1960s and has since had a significant adverse impact on the local ecosystem. The plant currently infests 2,400 ha (5,900 acres), or 12% of the total surface area of the delta, along with other states and even as far north as Canada. Recently, E. densa was reported as naturalized alien species in Iceland where it invaded the naturally heated water bodies. Due to its occurrence in northern Iceland, E. densa is one of the first freshwater alien plant species that reached the Arctic. Most of its impact occurs in the shallow waterways; the plant forms thick mats that obstruct boat passage, clog water intakes and aqueducts, trap sediments, crowd out native vegetation, and impede the migration of anadromous fish.\n\nThough it is sometimes debated, E. densa is referred to as an ecosystem engineer as a result of the impact it has on an environment once it is introduced. Some of these impacts are due to its fast growth and high dispersal rate when fragmented, its ability to adapt to different light and nutrient availability, its uptake of nutrients from the water column and its effect on sedimentation of these nutrients, and the large light-blocking canopy that its flowers form at the surface of the water.\n\nElodea densa is also responsible for changing the amount of phytoplankton present in the water column due to limiting light availability from the dense canopy that it forms, and from the amount of nutrients that removes from the water column. It can, however, also function as shelter for zooplankton and smaller invertebrates.\n\nBlack-necked swans feed on the plant, and decline of E. densa has been linked to the decline of swan populations.\n\nA variety of methods are needed to ensure that growth of E. densa is stopped due to its ability to regrow when fragmented through mechanical means. The best way is to remove the plant in entirety from the water column or use herbicides to kill the plant. One of the potential solutions to the problem are water drawdowns, as the plant is very sensitive to drying out and the plant can die in as short as an hour when removed from water. In addition cold weather has been found to be effective in controlling the plant, though this has practical limitations. When herbicides were applied to the plant, the levels of phosphorus and nitrogen increased but not greatly, suggesting that most of the nutrients remained in the plant biomass and did not reabsorb into the water column."
    },{
      "name":["Musculista senhousia"],
      "introduction":"\n\nArcuatula senhousia (= Musculista senhousia), commonly known as the Asian date mussel, Asian mussel or bag mussel, is a small saltwater mussel, a marine bivalve mollusk species in the family Mytilidae, the mussels. Other common names for this species include: the Japanese mussel, Senhouse's mussel, the green mussel (a name also applied to Perna viridis), and the green bagmussel. It is harvested for human consumption in China.\n\nThis mussel is native to the Pacific Ocean from Siberia to Singapore, but it has also been accidentally introduced and become an invasive species in numerous other areas worldwide. It can live in the intertidal or shallow subtidal zones. In California the species has been recorded in densities of up to 150,000 individuals per square meter. It grows quickly and lives only about 2 years. It prefers soft substrates and surrounds its shell in a dense mass of byssus.\n\nOne of several negative impacts of this invasive species is that it has a detrimental effect on eelgrass.",
      "sections":"This species is differentiated from other mussels by its relatively small size and inflated shape, as well as by the greenish colour of its outer periostracal layer. The shell has radiating reddish lines on its posterior surfaces, small internal teeth on the dorsal edge posterior to the ligament, and small ribs anterior to the umbones. It can grow up to 30 millimetres (1+1⁄8 in) in length. It is also known for its relatively fast growth and has a maximum lifetime of about two years.\n\nArcuatula senhousia is native to the Pacific Ocean, inhabiting coastal areas from Siberia and the Kuril Islands south to Singapore. The mussel has become an invasive species in California, the Mediterranean, Australia, and New Zealand. It was introduced to the Western coast of the United States sometime in the early 20th century with shipments of Japanese oysters. In 1983, large specimens of the species were collected in the Swan River estuary in Western Australia. The mussel has been present in the Waitemata Harbour of Auckland since the 1970s, becoming established by 1984. Specimens have also been reported at Tamar estuary in Tasmania. Invasion of the aforementioned locales is thought to have been achieved in a variety of manners: the mussels were transported on the hulls of ships, in water-intake chambers and the ducts of ships, as planktonic larvae carried in the ballast water of bulk-cargo vessels, in association with intentionally introduced oysters, and by Lessepsian migration through the Suez Canal.\n\nThe Asian date mussel is generally found in sheltered mud or other soft substrates up to twenty metres below the surface of the water. In China and Japan, where it is native, the mussels are found in intertidal zones with densities up to 2500 individuals per square metre. In Australia, as an invasive species, they are found from 0.5 to 4 metres (1+1⁄2 to 13 feet) below the surface of the water in slightly higher densities.\n\nAlong the Western coast of North America, however, the species generally reaches densities of 5000 to 10,000 individuals per square metre and has been recorded at densities of up to 150,000 individuals per square metre in Mission Bay in San Diego, California, USA. The mussel is most abundant in the summer and early autumn. In the Swan River estuary in Western Australia, the mussel population has a high mortality rate in the late autumn and early winter. This may be the result of a decrease in water salinity from increased rainfall.\n\nArcuatula senhousia uses byssal threads to form a sort of cocoon around itself. The cocoon may be necessary for protection due to the relatively thin shells of the species, as well as to assist in the stabilization of the individuals within the sediment. The cocoons of the individuals can intertwine to form a mat that tends to trap other shells, sediment, algae, and detritus on its surface.\n\nPredators of the Asian date mussel vary depending on the native fauna of the area. In the Swan River estuary of Western Australia, for example, predation occurs mainly by boring carnivorous gastropods such as Nassarius burchardi or Bedeva paivae, which drill through the mussel's thin shell. In Mission Bay in San Diego, however, the mussel's main predators include the yellowfin croaker, spotfin croaker, sargo, willet, and the marbled godwit (three fish and two bird species respectively). Other less significant predators include carnivorous gastropods (especially Pteropurpura festiva), crustaceans, echinoderms, fish, and diving ducks. Recent research[citation needed] has emphasized the importance of the predation of Arcuatula senhousia by native fauna as a means of reducing the negative effects of the invasive species on ecosystems.\n\nAsian date mussels also face predation by humans. The mussel is gathered as food in China, as food for domestic organisms[clarification needed] in Japan, Thailand, and India, as well as bait for fishing throughout Asia. There are currently no commercial or recreational uses for the mussel in the invaded areas. It has been suggested that harvesting the species might help reduce the effects of their invasion; however, there are a number of detrimental effects associated with benthic harvesting.\n\nResearch has shown that the Asian date mussel can have a variety of effects on various ecosystems. In the Swan River estuary in Western Australia, for example, the presence of mats of Arcuatula senhousia has caused an increase in the biomass of benthic macro-organisms in general.\n\nIn Mission Bay in San Diego, California, USA, the increasing abundance of Asian date mussels has caused a decrease in species richness and abundance of the native Solen rostriformis as well as the complete disappearance of the native Chione fluctifraga. The Asian date mussel has also become one hundred times more abundant than any native bivalves. Two other native species have appeared in the bay, however: Macoma nasuta and Chione undatella. Laboratory experiments using these species show that the growth and survival of the surface-dwelling and suspension-feeding species of the Chione genus decrease dramatically in areas where the Asian date mussel is abundant. Populations of the deeper-dwelling and deposit-feeding Macoma nasuta are not significantly affected, however, by the invasion of the mussel.\n\nSimilar occurrences have been observed at Sacca di Goro, a brackish lagoon in the Po River Delta of the Northern Adriatic Sea in Italy, which the Asian date mussel invaded in the early 1990s. Researchers there have found that growth and survival of suspension feeders has significantly decreased following the arrival of the Asian date mussel. There has also been a concomitant increase in the abundance of detritivores and herbivores.\n\nLaboratory research has also shown that deeper-dwelling species are less affected by the invasion of the Asian date mussel. Mussel mats have no significant effect on the mortality of deeper-dwelling clam species such as Tapes decussatus and Ruditapes philippinarum.\n\nCompetition with native species is the primary cause of concern in areas of New Zealand where the Asian date mussel has invaded. There are significantly fewer macrofaunal invertebrates and there has been an eightfold decrease in the abundance of infaunal bivalves. Scientists suggest, however, that the adverse environmental effects of the mussel in New Zealand will be localized and short-lived.\n\nArcuatula senhousia shares its habitat with eelgrass (Zostera marina) in many of the areas in which it has invaded. The presence of the mussel has been shown to affect rhizome growth in the eelgrass. This decreases the ability of established patches to spread. The Asian date mussel had the most detrimental effect on rhizome growth in areas where the eelgrass was sparse and patchy. This is a cause of concern for conservationists because beds of eelgrass are already degraded and sparse as a result of anthropogenic forces. The presence of Arcuatula senhousia can only worsen the situation."
    },{
      "name":["Anoplolepis gracilipes"],
      "introduction":"\n\nFormica longipesPlagiolepis longipesAnoplolepis longipes\n\nThe yellow crazy ant (Anoplolepis gracilipes), also known as the long-legged ant or Maldive ant, is a species of ant, thought to be native to West Africa or Asia.  They have been accidentally introduced to numerous places in the world's tropics.\n\nThe yellow crazy ant has colloquially been given the modifier \"crazy\" on account of the ant's erratic movements when disturbed. Its long legs and antennae make it one of the largest invasive ant species in the world.\n\nLike several other invasive ants, such as the red imported fire ant (Solenopsis invicta), the big-headed ant (Pheidole megacephala), the little fire ant (Wasmannia auropunctata), and the Argentine ant (Linepithema humile), the yellow crazy ant is a \"tramp ant\", a species that easily becomes established and dominant in new habitat due to traits such as aggression toward other ant species, little aggression toward members of its own species, efficient recruitment, and large colony size.\n\nIt is on a list of \"one hundred of the world's worst invasive species\" formulated by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN), having invaded ecosystems from Hawaii to the Seychelles, and formed supercolonies on Christmas Island in the Indian Ocean.\n\nIn 2023, a scientific article postulated a unique reproductive cycle for  A. gracilipes, suggesting that males are obligate chimeras.",
      "sections":"Anoplolepis gracilipes is a relatively large, yellow to orange ant with long legs, large eyes and extremely long antennal scapes.\n\nAlthough A. gracilipes is the only invasive species in the genus Anoplolepis, there are several other genera for which it can be mistaken. Both Leptomyrmex and Oecophylla can be confused with Anoplolepis because of their similar sizes and very long limbs. Anoplolepis can be distinguished from Leptomyrmex by the presence of an acidopore, while Anoplolepis can be distinguished from Oecophylla by the more compact petiole. Although both of these genera occur in the Pacific, neither contain any invasive species.\n\nSeveral species of invasive ants belonging to the genera Camponotus and Paratrechina can appear similar to A. gracilipes. Although several invasive species of Pheidole can also be slender-bodied with long legs and long antennal scapes, they can be separated from A. gracilipes by their two-segmented waists.\n\nA. gracilipes is widespread across the tropics, and populations are especially dense in the Pacific region. The species is most infamous for causing the ecological \"meltdown\" of Christmas Island. Although widespread across the Pacific, A. gracilipes can cause significant damage to native biological diversity.  Strong quarantine measures are encouraged to keep it from spreading to new localities.\n\nThe yellow crazy ant's natural habitats are the moist tropical lowlands of Southeast Asia, and surrounding areas and islands in the Indian and Pacific Oceans. It has been introduced into a wide range of tropical and subtropical environments including northern Australia, some of the Caribbean islands, some Indian Ocean islands (Seychelles, Madagascar, Mauritius, Réunion, the Cocos Islands and the Christmas Islands) and some Pacific islands (New Caledonia, Hawaii, French Polynesia, Okinawa, Vanuatu, Micronesia, Johnston Atoll, and the Galapagos archipelago). The species has been known to occupy such agricultural systems as cinnamon, citrus, coffee and coconut plantations. Because yellow crazy ants have generalized nesting habits, they are able to disperse via trucks, boats and other forms of human transport.\n\nCrazy ant colonies naturally disperse through \"budding\", i.e. when mated queens and workers leave the nest to establish a new one, and only rarely through flight via female winged reproductive forms. Generally, colonies that disperse through budding have a lower rate of dispersal, requiring human intervention to reach distant areas. It has been recorded that A. gracilipes moves as much as 400 m (1,300 ft) a year in the Seychelles. A survey on Christmas Island, however, yielded an average spreading speed of 3 meters (9.8 ft) per day, the equivalent of one kilometer (0.6 mile) per year.\n\nA gracilipes has been described as a \"scavenging predator\" exhibiting a broad diet, a characteristic of many invasive species. It consumes a wide variety of foods, including grains, seeds, arthropods, and decaying matter such as vertebrate corpses. They have been reported to attack and dismember invertebrates such as small isopods, myriapods, molluscs, arachnids, land crabs, earthworms and insects.\n\nLike all ants, A gracilipes requires a protein-rich food source for the queen to lay eggs and carbohydrates as energy for the workers. They get their carbohydrates from plant nectar and honeydew producing insects, especially scale insects, aphids, and other Sternorrhyncha. Studies indicate that crazy ants rely so much on scale insects that a scarcity of them can actually limit ant population growth.\n\nSimilar to other ants, the queen produces eggs which are fertilized by male sperm that are stored in sperm stores. When an egg is fertilized, there are three distinct events that can happen: (i) the resulting diploid organism develops into a queen if the egg is fertilized by an R sperm or (ii) into an infertile diploid worker if the egg is fertilized by a W sperm. However, a third outcome has been described in a 2023 scientific study: (iii) the egg is fertilized by a W sperm but the parental nuclei bypasses the fusion of the two gametes and divide separately within the same egg, leading to a haploid male that is chimeric with a portion of cells carrying the W genome and a portion of cells carrying the R genome. Interestingly, not all tissues have equal proportions of each cell line, with sperm cells mostly carrying the W genome and thus providing the W alleles with a fitness advantage. This is the first known case of obligate chimerism in animals.\n\nCrazy ants obtain much of their food requirements from scale insects, which are plant pests that feed on sap of trees and release honeydew, a sugary liquid. Ants eat honeydew, and in return protect the scale insects from their enemies and spread them among trees, an example of mutualism. The honeydew not eaten by the ants drips onto the trees and encourages the growth of sooty mold over the leaves and stems. This gives plants an ugly black appearance and reduces their health and vigor.\n\nThe ants protect the insects by \"nannying\" the mobile crawler stages and protecting them against their natural enemies. Experiments have shown that this connection is so strong that, in environments where A. gracilipes was removed, the density of scale insects dropped by 67% within 11 weeks, and to zero after 12 months.\n\nIn Australia, yellow crazy ants have been found at more than 30 sites in Queensland, and in Arnhem Land in the Northern Territory, where a large scattered population exists. A single New South Wales infestation was detected and eradicated, and, in Western Australia, yellow crazy ants have been intercepted in shipping freight arriving at Fremantle.\n\nQueensland's main infestation is 830 hectares (2,100 acres) in and around Wet Tropics of Queensland rainforest, a World Heritage Site. The Northern Territory infestation covers 2,500 square kilometres (970 sq mi), an area larger than the Australian Capital Territory.\n\nClimate modelling indicates yellow crazy ants could spread across northern Australia from Queensland to Western Australia, across much of Queensland and into coastal and inland parts of New South Wales.  Areas with the most ideal habitat and climatic conditions, such as the Wet Tropics of Queensland rainforests, are likely to experience the highest impacts.\n\nA cost–benefit analysis by the Queensland government undertaken in 2012 found that yellow crazy ants could cost Australia's economy over A$3 billion if the ants were not treated. This analysis did not take potential impacts on Australia's biodiversity into account. The known impacts of crazy ants in tropical rainforests overseas may provide useful insights into these impacts, bearing in mind that the most significant impacts are associated with relatively small islands, such as Christmas Island.\n\nCrazy ants have had a profound impact on the biodiversity of Christmas Island.\n\nThe crazy ant has a significant destructive impact on the island's ecosystem, killing and displacing crabs on the forest floor. The supercolonies also devastate crab numbers migrating to the coast. This has seen a rapid depletion in the number of land crabs — killing up to 20 million of them — which are vital to Christmas Island's biodiversity; land crabs are a keystone species in the forest ecology: they dig burrows, turn over the soil, and fertilize it with their droppings.\n\nSeedlings that were previously eaten by crabs started to grow and, as a result, changed the structure of the forest. Weeds have spread into the rainforest because there are no crabs to control them. One of the most noticeable changes in the forest is the increased numbers of the stinging tree Dendrocnide peltata, which now flourishes in many areas frequently visited by humans. The forest canopy also changed as the scale insects tended by yellow crazy ants multiplied and killed mature trees.\n\nChristmas Island red crabs are completely wiped out in infested areas. Populations of other ground and canopy dwelling animals, such as reptiles and other leaf litter fauna, have also decreased. During crab migrations, many crabs move through areas infested with ants and are killed. Studies show that the ant has displaced an estimated 15–20 million crabs by occupying their burrows, killing and eating resident crabs, and using their burrows as nest sites. This factor has greatly depleted red crabs, and made their annual land migrations far more perilous.\n\nAlthough crazy ants do not bite or sting, they spray formic acid as a defence mechanism and to subdue their prey. In areas of high ant density, the movement of a land crab disturbs the ants and, as a result, the ants instinctively spray formic acid as a form of defence. The high levels of formic acid at ground level eventually overwhelm the crabs, and they are usually blinded then eventually die from dehydration (while attempting to flush off the formic acid) and exhaustion. As the dead crabs decay, the protein becomes available to the ants.\n\nCrazy ants kill fauna, but encourage scale insects. Increased densities of scale insects cause forest die back, and even the death of large forest trees. These changes create a cascade of negative impacts, including weed invasion, significantly altering the forest landscape.\n\nChristmas Island is a focal point for international control efforts. These supercolonies spread farther and cause more damage than single colonies, and they pose the single greatest known threat to the island's biodiversity.\n\nStaff from Christmas Island National Park have worked in recent years to keep ant numbers in check. With help from the Christmas Island Crazy Ant Scientific Advisory Panel and support from the Australian Government they are holding ground.\n\nAnother supercolony nearly devastated the bird fauna of Johnston Atoll in the Pacific Ocean. The single massive colony was found to occupy nearly a quarter of the island, with up to 1,000 queens in a plot of land 6 metres (20 ft) wide. The infestation is thought to have been eradicated.\n\nTo reduce the impacts of crazy ants on red crabs and Christmas Island's ecosystems the Parks Australia carried out a major aerial baiting program in 2009, to follow up the first aerial baiting conducted in 2002. The first step was conducting an extensive island-wide survey to determine the exact locations of the supercolonies. For several months, staff traversed the island surveying over 900 sites. The result was a map of crazy ant supercolonies and red crab burrow densities, together with other biodiversity data.\n\nIn September 2009, a helicopter was used to precisely bait crazy ant supercolonies, which covered 784 hectares (1,940 acres) of the island. A very low concentration of fipronil bait (0.1%) was used to control the ants. Monthly monitoring of these baited supercolony sites shows that crazy ant densities were reduced by 99%.\n\nPark staff placed a high emphasis on minimising non-target impact of baiting. Food lures were dropped from a helicopter to attract robber crabs away from areas that were about to be baited. This technique, combined with the low concentration fipronil bait, proved to be highly successful with extremely low numbers of robber crabs and no red crabs known to be killed by the baiting.\n\nWhile baiting has slowed the decline of the red crab, its effects on the crazy ant populations are only temporary, as escaping colonies invade the treated areas again, and it is expensive, requiring much man power. In an effort to find a better control, after research, Australian Parks in December 2016 imported Tachardiaephagus somervillei, a small (2 millimetres (5⁄64 in)) wasp and began breeding them for release. The wasp, which attacks only scale insects, is a voracious predator of what is believed to be one of the crazy ant's largest source of honeydew on Christmas Island, the yellow lac scale insect.\n\nResearchers from La Trobe University in Melbourne, funded by Parks Australia, began looking for biological controls in 2009. While the ants are omnivores, studies have shown honeydew is an important part of the diet of Christmas Island crazy ants. Samples of ants taken from colonies that are growing rapidly have more honeydew in their diet than when the colonies decline. Further, restricting access to honeydew, by binding trees where the scale insects feed, dramatically reduced the colony as ant activity on the ground fell by 95% in just four weeks. In the laboratory, colonies with limited sources of sugar were compared to colonies with access to abundant sugar. Those with abundant sugar had more fertile queens and lower death rates among workers. The workers were also more aggressive toward other ant species and explored their environments more. This is believed to show why the ants decline when deprived of access to scale insects in the field, and confirm reduced honeydew will greatly reduce the ants' ability to form super colonies.\n\nWhile controlling the scale insect is expected to control the yellow crazy ant on Christmas Island, on mainland Australia it is thought this would not help. There are at least a dozen honeydew producing insects as well as extrafloral nectar from native acacia trees, all of which fuel yellow crazy ants.\n\nExperts continue to call for a fully funded, long term baiting program on mainland Australia."
    },{
      "name":["Alternanthera philoxeroides"],
      "introduction":"\n\nAlternanthera philoxeroides, commonly referred to as alligator weed, is a native species to the temperate regions of South America, which includes Argentina, Brazil, Paraguay and Uruguay. Argentina alone hosts around 27 species that fall within the range of the genus Alternanthera. Its geographic range once covered only the Parana River region of South America, but it has since expanded, having been introduced to over 30 countries, such as the United States, Japan, China, Australia, New Zealand and many more. This invasive species is believed to have been accidentally introduced to these non-native regions through sediments trapped by, or attached to, tanks and cargo of ships travelling from South America to these various areas.",
      "sections":"Alternanthera philoxeroides can thrive in both dry and aquatic environments and is characterized by whitish, papery flowers along its short stalks, irregular, or sprawling hollow stems, and simple and opposite leaf pattern sprouting from its nodes. It is also considered a herbaceous plant due to its short-lived shoot system. It produces horizontal stems, otherwise known as stolons, that can sprout up to 10 metres (33 ft) in length and thanks to its hollow stems, floats easily. This results in large clusters of stem amassing and create dense mats along the surface. Bisexual flowers are small, white, and born on dense, axillary spikes (type of raceme). Presence of a peduncle is a key trait that distinguishes this species from the sessile inflorescences of Alternanthera sessilis. While seed production has been observed in its native range, there is currently no record of viable A. philoxeroides seeds in the introduced range. The weed's intricate root system can either allow them to hang free in the water to absorb nutrients or directly penetrate the soil/sediment and pull their nutrients from below.\n\nAlternanthera philoxeroides is considered a major threat to ecosystems because of the adverse effects it poses on both aquatic and terrestrial environments, as well as the negative influence it has on society. The species features on the list of invasive alien species of Union Concern since 2017. This means that import and trade of this species is forbidden in the whole of the European Union.\n\nThe presence of this invasive species disrupts the natural flow of water due to the dense mats created by its clusters of stems. It out competes the native vegetation for space and solar energy through these dense mats because they form large clusters and limit the amount of light that submerged vegetation receives. These compact clusters of stems also disturb the regular exchange of gases that occurs underneath the surface that directly influences aerobic processes, such as photosynthesis. Aside from driving down the population of native aquatic vegetation, A. philoxeroides can also influence the growth and yield of crops in pastures and fields. These dense mats can affect the natural flow of water that is used in irrigation systems and as well as affect the quality of the water by increasing the sedimentation present in the water. Both of these factors must remain undisturbed for crops to grow well, and thus to provide a healthy yield for farmers, which will be discussed in the later section on its impacts on society.  On top of this, the likelihood of flooding is higher due to the impaired drainage caused by the dense mats, which in turn can also damage crops. This invasive species also has other negative impacts on the environment.\n\nAs mentioned, the compact mats formed by this species can drive down the population of native vegetation in the environments it invades. This then becomes a major issue for native herbivores because their food source declines. In addition, the dense mats present a challenge for the native wildlife by acting as a barrier between them and natural water sources. However, even if they can reach the water, they are still at risk because the water quality can be contaminated by the increased sediments. Thus, just as it did with the native vegetation, A. philoxeroides is also driving down the populations of the native wildlife as well.\n\nDense mats formed by this species influence the natural flow of water, which can impede various recreational activities, such as boating and fishing. The disruption of flow can also have a negative impact on infrastructure when it comes to energy, such as the use of hydro-electric dams to power generators. The dense mats also present suitable ecological conditions that mosquitoes can thrive off of. This is a commensal relationship between mosquitoes and A. philoxeroides because mosquitoes receive a breeding ground and the plant gains nothing nor loses anything. The increased population of mosquitoes can bring an increased risk of mosquito-borne diseases in humans. Furthermore, the dense mats produced by A. philoxeroides may not present suitable ecological conditions for native species or humans to thrive off.[citation needed]\n\nThis invasive plant depends solely on vegetative means to reproduce and disperse itself in the area it has invaded and established its roots. In its native geographic range, the species spreads to through means of producing viable seeds; however, it has been observed within its non-native ranges that it rarely produces viable seeds. To accommodate this, the A. philoxeroides reproduces through fragmentation; the plant can regenerate itself from small portions of stems or small leaf cuttings. These small fragments of the plant can then be dispersed through human means and natural means; once it is dispersed, the fragments can then find suitable ecological conditions and root themselves and regenerate.\n\nIn effort to eradicate the species by manual means, such as mulching or pulling them out, if not removed efficiently, small stem fragments can be displaced to new areas. Soil movement caused by earthmoving machinery is another example of how humans influence the dispersal of the plant.\n\nIn aquatic environments, the A. philoxeroides can easily disperse its fragments by being sucked into the path of the waterways. In terrestrial environments, the small fragments of stems and leaf cuttings can be dispersed through the natural movement of soil caused by erosion. Thus, the geographic range of this invasive species can easily be expanded by any means necessary due to its ability to regenerate from practically nothing.[citation needed]\n\nEarly detection is the best bet to ensure that the invasive species does not successfully colonize a non-native region because of its ability to regenerate and propagate from small portions of its stem or leaf cuttings. However, when that is not possible, the best that can be done is to limit and control the presence of A. philoxeroides in an area. Alternanthera philoxeroides can only establish itself in shallow waters no deeper than 2 metres (2 yards), so one method of control is to erect barriers in shallower areas to limit the amount of suitable space the plant has. When it comes to terrestrial environments, overpopulating the area with native species can limit the suitable space available for it. However, this method is only effective before the invasive plant has asserted itself in an area. Lastly, as previously mentioned, this plant is only able to produce viable seeds in its native geographic range and not in the areas it has invaded. Learning why that is - what ecological conditions make it produce only sterile seeds - could be key to developing further preventative measures against it.\n\nInsects have been released for the biological control of A. philoxeroides. The most successful and widely used is Agasicles hygrophila commonly called the alligator weed flea beetle; it has been released for biocontrol in Australia, China, Thailand, New Zealand, and the United States. However, their effectiveness is limited due to their inability to survive through temperatures lower than 11 °C (52 °F). Amynothrips andersoni, the alligator weed thrips, and Vogtia malloi, the alligator weed stem borer, have also been released in the United States. These species result in immediate wilting and limit A. philoxeroides reproduction by colonizing its stems. A variety of chemicals have been shown to be effective in controlling the plant, the most useful of which include glyphosate, triclopyr, fluridone, imazamox, and imazapyr; however, they must constantly be applied to be successful.\n\nIn 1956 A. philoxeroides was banned for sale or shipment in the United States, subject to a fine and/or imprisonment. This law was repealed by HR133 [116th Congress (2019-2020)] on 12/27/2020.[full citation needed][failed verification]"
    },{
      "name":["Sargassum muticum"],
      "introduction":"\n\nSargassum muticum, commonly known as Japanese wireweed or japweed, is a large brown seaweed of the genus Sargassum. It is native to the Western Pacific Ocean from coasts of China, South Korea, Japan, and southern Russia. During the mid-1900s, S. muticum was introduced to the Eastern Pacific Ocean, Atlantic Ocean, and the Mediterranean Sea. In some non-native habitats, it is an invasive species due to its high growth rate and efficient dispersal.",
      "sections":"Sargassum muticum is a brown seaweed, normally brown to yellowish with a length up to 10 m. It is an autotroph that uses energy from sunlight. The photosynthesis is facilitated thanks to aerial vesicles which allow the seaweed to rise to the water's surface.\n\nSargassum muticum is composed of two distinct parts: a perennial part, which contains the holdfast and one or more short main axes; and an annual part: the secondary axes, which develop on the main axis, whose growth is unlimited and whose size is variable. There are three types of ramifications: laterals with foliaceous expansions caalled fronds, laterals with fronds and aerocysts and laterals with fronds, aerocysts and reproductive organs called receptacles. In winter, only the perennial part persists (5 cm). In summer, the lateral part is in maximum development of 2–3 meters to 10 meters.\n\nThe mode of reproduction is both sexual and asexual. S. muticum reaches sexual maturity in the summer when gamete production takes place in receptacles. The species is monoecious, i.e. an individual is capable of producing male and female gametes. Its cycle of development is monogenic (i.e. only one generation is present during its life cycle). At the level of fertilization: male gametes are dispersed in seawater while female gametes remain in the receptacle where fertilization takes place). Development is also done at the receptacle and then once at the stage of seedling, the latter is detached for fixation on a new support and form a new individual. This species can also reproduce asexually, but this has never been observed in temperate environments.\n\nSargassum muticum grows from half-tide to infralittoral areas (to a depth of 10 m.). It is fixed on solid substrates like rocks, stones, shells.  It is highly tolerant towards temperature and salinity variations. The optimal temperature is between 17 and 20 °C but it tolerates 0 and 30 °C.\n\nOriginally from Japan, it is thought to have gained worldwide distribution through being transported with Japanese oysters (Crassostrea gigas). Sargassum muticum was introduced to the Californian coast in the 1940s and in Europe in the 1970s (The species was first found in the British Isles in the Isle of Wight in 1973). Currently, the alga is widespread from Norway to Portugal along Atlantic coasts. Sargassum muticum has a range stretching from Campbell River, British Columbia to Baja in California. In Europe it extends along the coasts of Great Britain, France, Scandinavia, Baltic Sea, Helgoland, Netherlands, Ireland, the Iberian Peninsula and into the Mediterranean from Italy and the Adriatic. It is recorded from Japan, China and Alaska. Recently, some specimens were found on Moroccan coasts. This illustrates its huge tolerance regarding its environment. Herbarium specimens are now stored in the Ulster Museum (BEL catalogue numbers: F11241 - F11242; F11182 - F11185).\n\nS. muticum is not invasive in all regions it has spread to. In many areas, populations of S. muticum grew more aggressively early in its introduction, but shifted to an established species that is integrated with the local ecosystem. However in areas where it has been more recently introduced, such as Ireland (introduced in 1995), it grows in large mats and can cause ecological and economic problems.\n\nIn some introduced locations, S. muticum has caused a decrease in native algal species. Because of its large size and dense fronds, S.muticum forms a screen within the water column preventing the penetration of light to other seaweeds and algae growing below it. It can also captures the nutrients in disfavor of other species, including phytoplankton. However there are studies that report S.muticum also serves as shelter and protection for fish larvae and crustaceans.\n\nOverproliferation of S.muticum can also have negative economic impacts. It fixes itself to the shells of oysters, creating problems in shellfish farming through increased manual work to eliminate the algae. In addition, it can wrap around the farming structures or get entangled with the propellers of boats, requiring additional maintenance. Like other Sargassum blooms, large mats can detach and wash ashore, where it rots and decreases beach use by people.\n\nThere are multiple options to remove S. muticum from areas it has invaded. Mechanical removal—physically removing S. muticum from surfaces it is growing on—can promote spread of the gametes and seedlings and is labor-intensive if done by hand or cost prohibitive by machine. Removal experiments show varying levels of success, from little to moderate impact, in restoring past habitat by removal of S. muticum. One study using mechanical, chemical removal (herbicides), and biological removal (release of predators) concluded all options were ineffective.\n\nThere are some potential uses for Sargassum muticum.\n\nIn agriculture, algae are used as sources of nitrate and potash for fertilization. It is also used in aquaculture as feed for juvenile sea cucumbers.\n\nthe cell walls of S. muticum contain alginates and fucoidans. The association of both molecules forms a bigger molecule and this one can be a flocculant. This process can be a method to catch organic matter present in sewage. This flocculant, rich in proteins and oligoelements, is easily biodegradable and could be used for fertilizer.\n\nPrevious studies have shown that Sargassum muticum is able to carry out the biosorption of heavy metals like cadmium, chlorophenolic compounds, and nickel.\n\nSecondary metabolites produced by marine algae could be an interesting alternative antifouling agent. Previous studies have shown the potential of hydrocarbon and fatty acid compounds in antifouling activities, compounds such as galactolipids and palmitic acid, 1-tetradecene or 1-hexadecene. Moreover, the peak production of antifouling compounds is during the spring.\n\nAntioxidant compounds: Sargassum muticum is rich in antioxidant compounds such as phenolic compounds (cathechins, phlorotannins, quercetins), pigments (fucoxanthin) and vitamins(vitamin C, K, E in the form of alpha-tocophérol and gamma-tocopherol). Applications are possible in pharmaceuticals, cosmetics and health fields, thanks to the antioxidant activities of these molecules."
    },{
      "name":["Hydrilla"],
      "introduction":"\n\nHydrilla (waterthyme) is a genus of aquatic plant, usually treated as containing just one species, Hydrilla verticillata, though some botanists divide it into several species. It is native to the cool and warm waters of the Old World in Asia, Africa and Australia, with a sparse, scattered distribution; in Australia from Northern Territory, Queensland, and New South Wales.\n\nThe stems grow up to 1–2 m long. The leaves are arranged in whorls of two to eight around the stem, each leaf 5–20 mm long and 0.7–2 mm broad, with serrations or small spines along the leaf margins; the leaf midrib is often reddish when fresh. It is monoecious (sometimes dioecious), with male and female flowers produced separately on a single plant; the flowers are small, with three sepals and three petals, the petals 3–5 mm long, transparent with red streaks. It reproduces primarily vegetatively by fragmentation and by rhizomes and turions (overwintering), and flowers are rarely seen. They have air spaces to keep them upright.\n\nHydrilla has a high resistance to salinity compared to many other freshwater aquatic plants.",
      "sections":"Hydrilla closely resembles some other related aquatic plants, including Egeria densa and Elodea canadensis. Synonyms include H. asiatica, H. japonica, H. lithuanica, and H. ovalifolica.[citation needed]\n\nHydrilla verticillata is allelopathic to the common hornwort (Ceratophyllum demersum) and prickly hornwort (C. muricatum), that is, it produces compounds that inhibit growth of the latter two species.\n\nAs aquatic macrophytes, Hydrilla play critical roles in the ecosystem. They influence nutrient cycles and the ecology of the body of water, as well as the sediments. Hydrilla interacts with other organisms, supplying food and nutrients as well as habitats and shelters.\n\nHydrilla can have negative impacts in aquatic communities. When abundant, they affect dissolved oxygen levels, which can lead to decline in populations of fish, invertebrates, and other plant species.\n\nHydrilla is naturalized and invasive in the United States following release in the 1950s and 1960s from aquariums into waterways in Florida, due to the aquarium trade. It is now established in parts of southern Canada and in the United States from Connecticut to Texas, and also in California. By the 1990s control and management were costing millions of dollars each year.\n\nThe plant was introduced when a Florida West Coast aquarium dealer shipped live Hydrilla from Sri Lanka under the common name \"Indian star-vine.\" These plants were considered unsatisfactory and were dumped into a canal near Tampa Bay, where they flourished. By 1955, the plants found their way from Tampa to Miami as they were transported for cultivation and pet trade sale. It is believed that several undocumented cases of accidental or careless releases followed, as there was extensive spread of the Hydrilla throughout Florida and the southeastern U.S.\n\nDue to the combination of herbicide resistance, high growth rates, high ecological adaptability, dispersion ability, and low resources required, Hydrilla is able to invade almost every region of the world and spread at an alarming rate, affecting the ecosystem in a negative manner. The high photosynthesis rate of Hydrilla leads to the depletion in dissolved carbon dioxide during daytime, which raises the pH, and to higher concentrations of oxygen. At night, the oxygen is used for oxidative phosphorylation, resulting in anoxia, and carbon dioxide is replenished, which in turn lowers the pH.\n\nAs an invasive species in Florida, Hydrilla has become the most serious aquatic weed problem for Florida and most of the U.S. Because it was such a threat as an invasive species, one of the first cost-effective broadscale herbicide controls developed was fluridone. Unfortunately, this single-use herbicide resulted in fluridone-resistant Hydrilla. \"As Hydrilla spread rapidly to lakes across the southern United States in the past, the expansion of resistant biotypes is likely to pose significant environmental challenges in the future.\"\n\nHydrilla populations have caused economic, environmental, and ecological damage. Hydrilla is known to be an aggressive and competitive plant, out-competing and displacing native species, such as pondweeds and eelgrass. Hydrilla has thus created monocultures, areas dominated by a singular species, rather than having a balance among many species, as in a normal ecosystem.\n\nIn Australia, Hydrilla can become invasive if the nutrient levels are raised in disturbed ecosystems, though is not generally known to be problematic.\n\nHydrilla can host a biofilm of the cyanobacteria Aetokthonos hydrillicola, which can produce the brominated neurotoxin aetokthonotoxin — the causative agent of avian vacuolar myelinopathy, a fatal brain wasting disease of waterfowl and raptors.\n\nHydrilla can be controlled by herbicides, as well as grass carp, itself an invasive species in North America. Insects used as biological pest control for this plant include weevils of the genus Bagous and the Asian hydrilla leaf-mining fly (Hydrellia pakistanae). Tubers pose a problem as they can lie dormant for a number of years, making it even more difficult to remove from waterways and estuaries. Hydrilla can spread efficiently through both tubers and turions.\n\nIn 2011 an inlet of Cayuga Lake, one of the Finger Lakes in New York State, faced a Hydrilla introduction. The city of Ithaca and other local officials used the chemical herbicide endothall to try to head off establishment in the Finger Lakes, which would have been disastrous for their ecosystems. The first year nearly $100,000 and many man-hours were spent trying to eradicate the Hydrilla infestation. Follow-up treatments were planned for at least five years.\n\nIn August 2021 Hydrilla was discovered growing in a small boat marina connected to the Niagara River in the city of North Tonawanda, New York. The New York State Department of Environmental Conservation is working to contain the infestation.\n\nIn September 2021, the Connecticut River Conservancy stated that Hydrilla has been overwhelming tributary rivers, coves, inlets and riverbanks along the river for years. Kelsey Wentling, a river steward at the Connecticut River Conservancy, stated, \"Hydrilla can spread through a process known as fragmentation, in which the plants, due to some sort of disruption, break apart and regrow elsewhere. Fragmentation often happens when boats go through a patch of Hydrilla. For this reason, it is critical that those using paddle boats, power boats, jet skis, and fishing equipment in the Connecticut River be aware of invasive Hydrilla and then take steps to reduce its spread.\" It has also been reported by local marinas and municipalities that they can no longer access certain boat slips and docks due to the density of Hydrilla. The Connecticut River Conservancy in September 2021 requested area boaters to complete a survey to help with the ongoing management of the invasive plant.\n\nThis abundant source of biomass is a known bioremediation hyperaccumulator of mercury, cadmium, chromium and lead, and as such can be used in phytoremediation."
    },{
      "name":["Chauvinia chilensis"],
      "introduction":"\n\nSporobolus montevidensis is a species of grass known by the common name denseflower cordgrass. Although reclassified after a taxonomic revision in 2014, it may still be referred to as Spartina densiflora by some users. It is native to the coastline of southern South America, where it is a resident of salt marshes. It is also known on the west coast of the North America and parts of the Mediterranean coast as an introduced species and in some areas a noxious weed. In California it is a troublesome invasive species of marshes in San Francisco Bay and in Humboldt Bay, where it was introduced during the 19th century from Chile in ballast.",
      "sections":"This perennial grass generally lacks rhizomes. It grows in erect clumps of slender stems that can reach 1.5 meters tall. The long, narrow, gray-green leaves are rolled inward, especially when new. The inflorescence is a narrow, dense, spike-like stick of branches appressed together, the unit reaching up to 30 centimetres long. The flowers are colorless and the spikelets are tipped with bristles.\n\nThis species has negative impacts on the salt marsh habitat of the California coast. It forms tight clumps of herbage that raise the elevation of the plants in the marsh, keeping the water from flowing in as far as it naturally would, and increasing sediment accumulation. It competes with its native relative, California cordgrass (Sporobolus foliosus), and other marsh plants such as pickleweed (Salicornia pacifica). Efforts to eradicate Sporobolus montevidensis and related hybrids in the San Francisco Bay area reduced the coverage to approximately 41 square meters in 2014, down from about 1.7 hectares (4.2 acres) in 2005. However, it continues to expand in the Humboldt Bay region."
    },{
      "name":["Zaprionus tuberculatus"],
      "introduction":"\n\nZaprionus tuberculatus (commonly known as the vinegar fly or the pomace fly) is a member of the subgenus and genus Zaprionus, family Drosophilidae, and order Diptera. It is an invasive fruit fly that originated in Africa, but can also be found in Europe and Asia. The fly earned its common name, the \"vinegar fly\", because researchers frequently captured the species using vinegar traps. Z. tuberculatus was previously considered a strictly tropical fly, but evidence of invasion to nontropical regions such as Turkey has been shown.\n\nThis fly typically resides on rotting fruit, and the larvae have been found to develop on 49 species of fruits. The life cycle of the fly depends on the temperature of the environment as males are sterile at or above 30 degrees Celsius. It is reddish-brick colored and contains four longitudinal stripes down its head and body. The courtship behavior includes song singing and complex dance rituals. In regard to other organisms, Z. tuberculatus is considered a secondary pest to fruit and a potential threat to ecosystems it invades. A close relative, Z. indianus is an invasive fly species that infests fig orchards.",
      "sections":"immigrans-tripunctata radiation\n\nD. quadrilineata species group\n\nSamoaia\n\nZaprionus\n\nD. tumiditarsus species group\n\nLiodrosophila\n\nDichaetophora, Hirtodrosophila, Mycodrosophila and Paramycodrosophila\n\nvirilis-repleta radiation and  subgenus Siphlodora\n\nHawaiian Drosophilidae\n\nD. polychaeta species group\n\nDorsilopha\n\nSophophora and included groups\n\nZaprionus tuberculatus was first discriminated from its close relative Z. sepsoides in the 1970s. Z. tuberculatus has recently classified as a member of the Tuberculatus species subgroup and is a member of the inermis species group. Previously, Z. tuberculatus was classified as a member of the armatus group. The genus Zaprionus if primarily found throughout Africa and contains 59 species, the most common of which being Z. indianus and Z. tuberculatus. The 59 species of the genus Zaprionus are divided into two subgroups: Afrotropical Zaprionus sensu stricto (s.s.), to which Z. tuberculatus belongs, and Anaprionus near Asia and Australia. Within the Zaprionus sensu stricto (s.s.) subgenus are several further subgroups, including the armatus subgroup to which Z. tuberculatus belonged until 2010.\n\nZaprionus tuberculatus contains four white horizontal stripes across its head and thorax, similar to other members of the Zaprionus subgroup. The males bear hairs on its forelegs. Both male and female flies have a protruding bristle from the forefemur. The frons have a medium-white stripe and the aedeagus is robust and curved and they have a dark-brown colored thorax. Two white, aligned, horizontal lines characterize the mesonotum and metanotum. Z. tuberculatus shares several common features with other members of the genus Zaprionus, including a completely smooth larval cephalopharyngeal.\n\nBetween individual flies, siblings are distinguished by testicular size (TST), for which the mean is 3.2mm. The average seminal recepaical (SR) of a female fly is 3.6mm.\n\nZaprionus tuberculatus, originally from islands near the Indian Ocean and Afrotropical Region, then became invasive and expanded geographically to southern Europe. Within the Afrotropical region, the species has been reported in Mauritius, Réunion, Madagascar, Saint-Helena, Cape Verde, and Seychelles . The species had first been reported in Europe in Italy September, 2013. Z. tuberculatus has also been reported in North Africa, Malta, Cyprus, and the Canary Islands. Z. tuberculatus was trapped in Eastern Europe in Southern Romania between September and October 2014. Z. tuberculatus has been reported in a few other areas of Europe, including Spain, Greece, and Northern Italy. Z. tuberculatus has also been reported in Asian regions, including Israel and southern Turkey.\n\nZaprionus tuberculatus typically reside on rotting fruit and has been captured via the use of vinegar traps, which earned the species its nickname \"vinegar fly.\" The fly does not thrive in strictly tropical environments.\n\nZaprionus tuberculatus is an invasive species, meaning its spread from one geographical region to other may harm to existing ecosystems.\n\nZaprionus tuberculatus life cycle varies depending on the temperature of the environment. Zaprionus tuberculatus males are sterile at or above 30 degrees Celsius. The mean Z. tuberculatus female life span varies from about 40 days to 60 days, whereas the mean male lifespan varies from about 50 to 200 days when temperature is varied.\n\nThe eggs of Z. tuberculatus have four filaments, with the posterior filaments being elongated more than the anterior filaments and are spatulated. The lengths of these filaments vary within species.\n\nThe larvae of Z. tuberculatus generally grows on over-ripe fruits and has been found to develop on 49 species of fruits. Similar to other drosophilids, the larvae of Z. tuberculatus have a respiratory system containing thoracic and anterior spiracles on either side of the body, which is a systems organization referred to as amphipneustic.\n\nThe pupae of Z. tuberculatus have a brick red color. The anterior branches belonging to Z. tuberculatus are clubbed type and vary in number from 11 to 14. The puparial shape (Puparial length:PI) of Z. tuberculatus is 2.59. Puparial shape is an important measurement because it distinguishes Z. tuberculatus from several closely related fly species, including Z. inermis (puparial shape =2.62), Z. cercus (puparial shape =2.40), and Z. burlai (puparial shape = 2.29). Similarly, another taxonomic measurement, the horn index (H) discriminates Z. tuberculatus (H= 7.0) from closely related fly species such as Z. verruca (H=10.6) and Z. burlai (H = 7.2). Unlike other species of Drosophila such as D. melanogaster, for Z. tuberculatus pupae synapsis is uncommon and tend to pupariate upwards relate to the ground instead of downwards. However, Z. tuberculatus pupae strongly aggregate similar to other Drosophila species.\n\nZaprionus tuberculatus pupae are difficult to study experimentally because, when space in culture bottles become limited, pupae climb upwards to escape from the bottle and later die. This is true for all species of the genus Zaprionus, except Zaprionus lachaisei.\n\nThough kin selection theory predicts Z. tuberculatus pupae should be more likely to aggregate in an intraspecific manner than interspecifically, Z. tuberculatus does not kin discriminate in site selection.\n\n\"Type 2\" songs are sung between two male Z. tuberculatus flies and its function is species recognition.\n\nThe male Z. tuberculatus generally makes the first contact with the female Z. tuberculatus by grappling at the female, performing mating displays, then auditory display (song singing). The male performs stationary displays from the female Z. tuberculatus rear end at degrees of 90, 180, or 135 along the long axis of the female body. Still while singing, the male Z. tuberculatus then moves radially around the female in a quarter circle. From a further distance from the female compared to the circling display, the male Z. tuberculatus also performs a dancing which interrupts periods of singing or occurs after singing, but never before. Immediately preceding copulation, then for a second time at the beginning of copulation the male Z. tuberculatus also rubs his legs against the abdomen of the female Z. tuberculatus. The average length of Z. tuberculatus copulation is about 2.25 minutes.\n\nMale Z. tuberculatus produces two types of songs by vibrating its wings to generate audio. The two song types are designated either \"type 1,\" which is involved in male courtship, or \"type 2,\" which is used for species recognition both in male and female Z. tuberculatus flies. When one male mounts another, both males sing, possibly to recognize sex or intimidation tactic to deter other males from attempting to mate with the female Z. tuberculatus flies.\n\nAt the conclusion of copulation, female Z. tuberculatus protrudes the abdomen and secreted a colorless liquid, which appears to repulse the male Z. tuberculatus. The chemical composition of the colorless liquid has not been studied.\n\nThe Z. tuberculatus genome has five rod-shaped chromosomes and one dot-shaped chromosome. The number of type of chromosomes, or the karyotype, for Z. tuberculatus has not changed much throughout evolution, which supports Muller's linkage conservation hypothesis and explains the scarcity of pericentric inversions and translocations.\n\nThe transposable element mariner occurs in several species, including the Melanogaster species and in the genus Zaprionus. The presence of mariner in the Z. tuberculatus occurs through horizontal transfer. Mariner is also present in several members of the melanogaster species subgroup. The rate of divergence of the mariner element between the two species subgroups suggests a slower evolution rate of the mariner transposable element. A slowing mariner mutation rate helps to explain low divergence in the melanogaster species subgroup, but fails to account for reduced divergence in Z. tuberculatus. The specific mechanism by which horizontal transfer of mariner occurs for Z.tuberculatus is currently unknown and is being investigated. Similarly, study of the retrosposon copia also revealed evidence supporting horizontal transfer between Z. tuberculatus and the melanogaster species subgroup.\n\nZaprionus tuberculatus is a pest in regions to which it has invaded and infects fruit. Z. tuberculatus is thus capable of negatively impacting fruit which humans eat, but it is unknown which fruit species are most negatively influenced. A close relative of Z. tuberculatus, Z. indianus, is an invasive fly species and a pest to fig orchards. However, the adverse ecological influences of Z. tuberculatus has only recently been investigated directly."
    },{
      "name":["Salvinia minima"],
      "introduction":"\n\nSalvinia minima is a species of aquatic, floating fern that grows on the surface of still waterways. It is usually referred to as common salvinia or water spangles. Salvinia minima is native to South America, Mesoamerica, and the West Indies and was introduced to the United States in the 1920s–1930s. It is classified as an invasive species internationally and can be detrimental to native ecosystems. This species is similar to but should not be confused with giant salvinia, Salvinia molesta.",
      "sections":"The leaves of Salvinia minima are small and oval, ranging from 0.4 to 2 centimeters in length. Each rhizome of the fern floats close to the surface and has a joined set of leaves that branch off horizontally. The leaves grow in joined sets of three, with two leaves floating on the surface and one leaf dissected, hanging underneath. This species is rootless but the dissected leaves that hang down act as root-like structures and are longer than the floating leaves. Fine white hairs grow uniformly on the leaf surface and serve to repel water. The hairs grow in groups of four but do not touch at the tips. There are longer brown hairs present on the underside of leaves as well. Leaves range from bright green to brown in color, often browning with age and in sunlight.\n\nSalvinia minima undergoes three unique stages of growth. In the primary (initial) stage, a single bud or a small number of buds of the fern are introduced to an environment. In this stage, the leaves will lie flat on the surface of the water. In the secondary stage, the ferns have been growing and multiplying and the leaves will begin to curl upward. In the tertiary (final) stage, the individual ferns will become much more dense and appear as mats on top of the water. The leaves may be almost vertical in this stage because of crowding.\n\nReproduction in Salvinia minima occurs asexually through fragmentation. Though sporocarps, spore-producing sacs, may be present on the leaves of this species, Salvinia minima is thought to be sterile and can only reproduce asexually. Any part of a rhizome that buds or breaks off can form another daughter plant. Since fragmentation can occur continuously, Salvinia minima often shows exponential growth. Buds and rhizome fragments can also remain dormant for periods of time when growth is less favorable.\n\nSalvinia minima commonly grows on the surface of still or slow-moving freshwater areas, such as lakes, ponds, and canals. It can tolerate water salinity of up to 4 to 7 parts per thousand (ppt; or 1.003–1.005 SG) and also inhabits brackish water, including swamps, marshes, and wetlands. This species can also be found in backyard ponds and private lakes and can be purchased in states where it is not prohibited as a noxious plant.\n\nThough Salvinia minima is native to Latin America and the West Indies, it has been introduced to parts of the United States, where it is considered an invasive alien species. It was first noted in the U.S. in St. John's river in eastern Florida. It is thought to have been transported there by shipping boats in the late 1920s or early 1930s. S. minima quickly expanded its range throughout Florida and then expanded westward and northward in the United States. It spreads to new ecosystems on the bottoms of boats, in ship ballast tanks, through flooding waterways, or can be carried by birds or other animals. S. minima currently has a range that spreads across the southeast from Florida to New Mexico as well as some northern states, including New York, Massachusetts, New Jersey, and Maryland. It is also present in Puerto Rico. S. minima is listed as a noxious plant in Texas, where it is prohibited from being owned and transported.\n\nWhen introduced to a new environment, Salvinia minima can quickly reproduce and form expansive mats on the top of waterways. Its presence and speedy reproduction can out-compete and inhibit the growth of native water plants. Mats of S. minima can block sunlight from entering the water, which suppresses the growth of underwater plants that photosynthesize, resulting in less dissolved oxygen in the water. This can lead to fish kills. Waterfowl species that feed on either fish or native aquatic plants can also be affected by a lack of food. In bayou and swamp areas specifically, S. minima is known to out-compete the floating aquatic plant duckweed (Lemnoideae). Duckweed is a relatively benign plant that is rich in protein and serves as a common source of food for many fish and bird species in its ecosystem. S. minima, however, has questionable nutritional value, although the Salvinia genus has been studied for use as a supplement in livestock feeds.  The result of an invasion of S. minima on native ecosystems can be a serious threat to native species and overall biodiversity. As such, S. minima is considered an invasive species and is described on the Global Invasive Species Database. ]\n\nSalvinia minima can be a nuisance to recreational watercraft, especially kayaks and canoes, in areas where it grows densely. It can also have adverse effects on crawfish farming, rice farming, and other commercial activities that occur in waterways where it is present.\n\nIn order to protect native environments, efforts to eradicate or contain the spread of Salvinia minima have been attempted. Management tactics include various methods and research studies that have shown a range of effectiveness.\n\nMechanical methods include the physical removal of S. minima from areas where it is established. This can include raking the surface of the water or seining the plants off with large nets. Mechanical methods have proven mostly ineffective because it can be difficult to maneuver equipment in small waterways, and any fragments left behind will regrow.\n\nChemical herbicides that have been used with the best success on S. minima include the ingredients fluridone, imazamox, and penoxsulam. Some of these herbicides kill S. minima more successfully when a surfactant is added to make the chemicals stick to the surface of the leaves. Though herbicides are effective in controlling S. minima, they can have adverse effects. Herbicides can kill or cause harm to native organisms that are not the intended target. Also, if a large area of S. minima is sprayed with an herbicide all at once, the dead plant matter will sink into the water and decompose, which can deplete oxygen in the water and result in fish kills. Smaller sections can be sprayed at a time to combat this side effect.\n\nIt is impractical to treat very large bodies of water with herbicides as any fragments that do not die will regrow quickly. The cost of herbicides is high, from $198 to $297 per hectare. Chemical means are overall a less desirable method of control because of the side effects and cost.\n\nBiological control methods involve the introduction of another species in order to contain the spread of an invasive species. This method aims to bring more balance back to an ecosystem that has been invaded by weakening the invasive organism so it has fewer competitive advantages, as well as decreasing or containing the invasive species' population.\n\nBiological control efforts for S. minima have been centered around the tiny salvinia weevil, Cyrtobagous salviniae. This weevil is native to South America. It was introduced accidentally in Florida, a state in which salvinia is widespread but considered manageable. The manageable level of salvinia species, both S. minima and Salvinia molesta (giant salvinia), is thought to be caused by the presence of these weevils, which live and feed on the salvinia leaves.\n\nSince the discovery of the weevils, research has been conducted on the effects of weevils in different ecosystems of S. minima. In 2005-2006, a research group from Louisiana State University (LSU) introduced salvinia weevils into Gramercy, LA, where S. minima is present. The salvinia weevils were collected from Florida and kept in greenhouses on the LSU campus in Baton Rouge. In the study, the effects of the weevils on S. minima were compared to the effects of the salvinia stem-borer moth, Samea multiplicalis. The stem-borer moth is a species native to the southern United States and is known to feed on other salvinia species in the same genus. Both the moth and the weevil feed on salvinia plants and control its spread. The study had four treatments: the weevil alone, the moth larvae alone, the weevil and moth larvae combined, and a control group. Each group was placed in a 1-m2 poyvinylchloride (PVC) pipe frame that was placed over a section of S. minima in a waterway in Gramercy. There were four replicates of each treatment. Each month during the research, S. minima plant mass was collected from each treatment square and then measured to find the dry weight of the plant. Data were compiled into bar charts to compare the effects of the four treatments over time. The results of this study found that the three treatments all had a significant effect in decreasing the amount of S. minima in an area when compared to the control group, though none of the three experimental treatments were statistically better than the other two. From June to October 2006, the average biomass of S. minima in the treatment groups was 100-375 grams, whereas the average biomass of S. minima in the control frames was 450-600 grams. The salvinia stem-borer moth is native to the United States and presents no threat to the environment. There are also no known negative impacts of introducing the non-indigenous salvinia weevils to the environment, as they feed exclusively on S. minima and S. molesta. Further research from the group documented establishment of weevil populations of Salvinia minima in southern Louisiana. Research continues to try to identify cold tolerant populations that may be more suited to the region.\n\nThe lack of detrimental effects makes biological control methods the most promising in the long-term management of S. minima. Research studies and control efforts are ongoing."
    },{
      "name":["Chrysemys elegans"],
      "introduction":"\n\nThe red-eared slider or red-eared terrapin (Trachemys scripta elegans) is a subspecies of the pond slider (Trachemys scripta), a semiaquatic turtle belonging to the family Emydidae. It is the most popular pet turtle in the United States, is also popular as a pet across the rest of the world, and is the most invasive turtle. It is the most commonly traded turtle in the world.\n\nThe red-eared slider is native from the Midwestern United States to northern Mexico, but has become established in other places because of pet releases, and has become invasive in many areas where it outcompetes native species. The red-eared slider is included in the list of the world's 100 most invasive species.",
      "sections":"The red-eared slider gets its name from the small, red stripe around its ears, or where its ears would be, and from its ability to slide quickly off rocks and logs into the water. This species was previously known as Troost's turtle in honor of an American herpetologist Gerard Troost. Trachemys scripta troostii is now the scientific name for another subspecies, the Cumberland slider.\n\nThe red-eared slider belongs to the order Testudines, which contains about 250 turtle species. It is a subspecies of Trachemys scripta. It was previously classified under the name Chrysemys scripta elegans. Trachemys scripta contains three subspecies: T. s. elegans (red-eared slider), T. s. scripta (yellow-bellied slider), and T. s. troostii (Cumberland slider).\n\nThe carapace of this species can reach more than 40 cm (16 in) in length, but the typical length ranges from 15 to 20 cm (6 to 8 in). The females of the species are usually larger than the males. They typically live between 20–30 years, although some individuals can live for more than 40 years. Their life expectancy is shorter when they are kept in captivity. The quality of their living environment has a strong influence on their lifespans and well being.\n\nThe shell is divided into the upper or dorsal carapace, and the lower, ventral carapace or plastron. The upper carapace consists of the vertebral scutes, which form the central, elevated portion; pleural scutes that are located around the vertebral scutes; and then the marginal scutes around the edge of the carapace. The rear marginal scutes are notched. The scutes are bony keratinous elements. The carapace is oval and flattened (especially in the male) and has a weak keel that is more pronounced in the young. The color of the carapace changes depending on the age of the turtle. It usually has a dark green background with light and dark, highly variable markings. In young or recently hatched turtles, it is leaf green and gets slightly darker as a turtle gets older, until it is a very dark green, and then turns a shade between brown and olive green. The plastron is always a light yellow with dark, paired, irregular markings in the centre of most scutes. The plastron is highly variable in pattern. The head, legs, and tail are green with fine, irregular, yellow lines. The whole shell is covered in these stripes and markings that aid in camouflaging an individual.\n\nThese turtles also have a complete skeletal system, with partially webbed feet that help them to swim and that can be withdrawn inside the carapace along with the head and tail. The red stripe on each side of the head distinguishes the red-eared slider from all other North American species and gives this species its name, as the stripe is located behind the eyes, where their (external) ears would be. These stripes may lose their color over time. Color and vibrance of ear stripe can indicate immune health, with bright red having higher immune response than yellow stripes. Some individuals can also have a small mark of the same color on the top of their heads. The red-eared slider does not have a visible outer ear or an external auditory canal; instead, it relies on a middle ear entirely covered by a cartilaginous tympanic disc.\n\nLike other turtles, the species is poikilotherm and thus dependent on the temperature of its environment. For this reason, it needs to sunbathe frequently to warm up and maintain body temperature.\n\nSome dimorphism exists between males and females.\n\nRed-eared slider young look practically identical regardless of their sex, making distinguishing them difficult. One useful method, however, is to inspect the markings under their carapace, which fade as the turtles age. Distinguishing the sex of adults is much easier, as the shells of mature males are smaller than those of females. Male red-eared sliders reach sexual maturity when their carapaces' diameters measure 10 cm (3.9 in) and females reach maturity when their carapaces measure about 15 cm (5.9 in). Both males and females reach sexual maturity at 5–6 years old. Males are normally smaller than females, although this parameter is sometimes difficult to apply, as individuals being compared could be of different ages.\n\nMales have longer claws on their front feet than the females; this helps them to hold onto a female during mating, and is used during courtship displays. The males' tails are thicker and longer. Typically, the cloacal opening of a female is at or under the rear edge of the carapace, while the male's opening occurs beyond the edge of the carapace. The male's plastron is slightly concave, while that of the female is completely flat. The male's concave plastron also helps to stabilize the male on the female's carapace during mating. Older males can sometimes have a dark greyish-olive green melanistic coloration, with very subdued markings. The red stripe on the sides of the head may be difficult to see or be absent. The female's appearance is substantially the same throughout her life.\n\nThe red-eared slider originated from the area around the Mississippi River and the Gulf of Mexico, in warm climates in the Southeastern United States. Their native areas range from the southeast of Colorado to Virginia and Florida. In nature, they inhabit areas with a source of still, warm water, such as ponds, lakes, swamps, creeks, streams, or slow-flowing rivers.\n\nThey live in areas of calm water, where they are able to leave the water easily by climbing onto rocks or tree trunks so they can warm up in the sun. Individuals are often found sunbathing in a group or even on top of each other. They also require abundant aquatic plants, as these are the adults' main food, although they are omnivores. Turtles in the wild always remain close to water unless they are searching for a new habitat or when females leave the water to lay their eggs.\n\nInvasive red-eared sliders cause negative impacts in the ecosystems they are introduced to because they have certain advantages over the native populations, such as a lower age at maturity, higher fecundity rates, and larger body size, which gives them a competitive advantage at basking and nesting sites, as well as when exploiting food resources. They also transmit diseases and displace the other turtle species with which they compete for food and breeding space.\n\nOwing to their popularity as pets, red-eared sliders have been released or escaped into the wild in many parts of the world. This turtle is considered one of the world's worst invasive species. Feral populations are now found in Bermuda, Canada, Australia, Europe, Great Britain, South Africa, the Caribbean Islands, Israel, Bahrain, the Mariana Islands, Guam, Russia, and south- and far-east Asia. Within Great Britain, red-eared sliders have a wide distribution throughout England, Scotland, and Wales.\n\nIn Australia, it is illegal for members of the public to import, keep, trade, or release red-eared sliders, as they are regarded as an invasive species – see below. Their import has also been banned by the European Union as well as specific EU member countries. In 2015, Japan announced it was planning to ban the import of red-eared sliders, but it would probably not take effect until 2020.[needs update]\n\nRed-eared sliders are almost entirely aquatic, but as they are cold-blooded, they leave the water to sunbathe to regulate their temperature.\n\nRed-eared sliders do not hibernate, but actually brumate; while they become less active, they do occasionally rise to the surface for food or air. Brumation can occur to varying degrees. In the wild, red-eared sliders brumate over the winter at the bottoms of ponds or shallow lakes. They generally become inactive in October, when temperatures fall below 10 °C (50 °F). During this time, the turtles enter a state of sopor, during which they do not eat or defecate, they remain nearly motionless, and the frequency of their breathing falls. Individuals usually brumate under water, but they have also been found under banks and rocks, and in hollow stumps. In warmer winter climates, they can become active and come to the surface for basking. When the temperature begins to drop again, however, they quickly return to a brumation state. Sliders generally come up for food in early March to as late as the end of April.\n\nDuring brumation, T. s. elegans can survive anaerobically for weeks, producing ATP from glycolysis. The turtle's metabolic rate drops dramatically, with heart rate and cardiac output dropping by 80% to minimize energy requirements.\nThe lactic acid produced is buffered by minerals in the shell, preventing acidosis.\nRed-eared sliders kept captive indoors should not brumate.\n\nCourtship and mating activities for red-eared sliders usually occur between March and July, and take place under water. During courtship, the male swims around the female and flutters or vibrates the back side of his long claws on and around her face and head, possibly to direct pheromones towards her. The female swims toward the male, and if she is receptive, sinks to the bottom for mating. If the female is not receptive, she may become aggressive towards the male. Courtship can last 45 minutes, but mating takes only 10 minutes.\n\nOn occasion, a male may appear to be courting another male, and when kept in captivity may also show this behaviour towards other household pets. Between male turtles, it could be a sign of dominance and may preclude a fight. Young turtles may carry out the courtship dance before they reach sexual maturity at 5 years of age, but they are unable to mate.\n\nAfter mating, the female spends extra time basking to keep her eggs warm. She may also have a change of diet, eating only certain foods, or not eating as much as she normally would. A female can lay between two and 30 eggs depending on body size and other factors. One female can lay up to 5 clutches in the same year, and clutches are usually spaced 12–36 days apart. The time between mating and egg-laying can be days or weeks. The fertilization and laying can also be in conjunction, with eggs immediately laid  based on location and nutrients available. The actual egg fertilization takes place during the egg-laying. This process also permits the laying of fertile eggs the following season, as the sperm can remain viable and available in the female's body in the absence of mating. During the last weeks of gestation, the female spends less time in the water and smells and scratches at the ground, indicating she is searching for a suitable place to lay her eggs. The female excavates a hole, using her hind legs, and lays her eggs in it.\n\nIncubation takes 59–112 days. Late-season hatchlings may spend the winter in the nest and emerge when the weather warms in the spring. Just prior to hatching, the egg contains 50% turtle and 50% egg sac. A new hatchling breaks open its egg with its egg tooth, which falls out about an hour after hatching. This egg tooth never grows back. Hatchlings may stay inside their eggshells after hatching for the first day or two. If they are forced to leave the eggshell before they are ready, they will return if possible. When a hatchling decides to leave the shell, it still has a small sac protruding from its plastron. The yolk sac is vital and provides nourishment while visible, and several days later, it will have been absorbed into the turtle's belly. The sac must be absorbed, and does not fall off. The split must heal on its own before the turtle is able to swim. The time between the egg hatching and water entry is 21 days.\n\nDamage to or inordinate motion of the protruding egg yolk – enough to allow air into the turtle's body – results in death. This is the main reason for marking the top of turtle eggs if their relocation is required for any reason. An egg turned upside down will eventually terminate the embryo's growth by the sac smothering the embryo. If it manages to reach term, the turtle will try to flip over with the yolk sac, which would allow air into the body cavity and cause death. The other fatal danger is water getting into the body cavity before the sac is absorbed completely, and while the opening has not completely healed yet.\n\nThe sex of red-eared sliders is determined by the incubation temperature during critical phases of the embryos' development. Only males are produced when eggs are incubated at temperatures of 22–27 °C (72–81 °F), whereas females develop at warmer temperatures. Colder temperatures result in the death of the embryos.\n\nRed-eared slider turtles are the world's most commonly traded reptile, due to their relatively low price, and usually low food price, small size, and easy maintenance. As with other turtles, tortoises, and box turtles, individuals that survive their first year or two can be expected to live generally around 30 years. They present an infection risk; particularly of Salmonella.\n\nReptiles are asymptomatic (meaning they suffer no adverse side effects) carriers of bacteria of the genus Salmonella. This has given rise to justifiable concerns given the many instances of infection of humans caused by the handling of turtles, which has led to restrictions in the sale of red-eared sliders in the USA. A 1975 U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) regulation bans the sale (for general commercial and public use) of both turtle eggs and turtles with a carapace length less than 4 in (10 cm). This regulation comes under the Public Health Service Act, and is enforced by the FDA in cooperation with state and local health jurisdictions. The ban was enacted because of the public-health impact of turtle-associated salmonellosis. Turtles and turtle eggs found to be offered for sale in violation of this provision are subject to destruction in accordance with FDA procedures. A fine up to $1,001 and / or imprisonment for up to one year is the penalty for those who refuse to comply with a valid final demand for destruction of such turtles or their eggs. Many stores and flea markets still sell small turtles due to an exception in the FDA regulation that allows turtles under 4 in (10 cm) to be sold \"for bona fide scientific, educational, or exhibition purposes, other than use as pets.\" As with many other animals and inanimate objects, the risk of Salmonella exposure can be reduced by following basic rules of cleanliness. Small children must be taught to wash their hands immediately after they finish playing with the turtle, feeding it, or changing its water.\n\nSome states have other laws and regulations regarding possession of red-eared sliders because they can be an invasive species where they are not native and have been introduced through the pet trade. It is illegal in Florida to sell any wild-type red-eared slider, as they interbreed with the local yellow-bellied slider population, T. s. scripta, which is another subspecies of pond sliders, and hybrids typically combine the markings of the two subspecies. However, unusual color varieties such as albino and pastel red-eared sliders, which are derived from captive breeding, are still allowed for sale.\n\nIn Australia, breeding populations have been found in New South Wales and Queensland, and individual turtles have been found in the wild in Victoria, the Australian Capital Territory, and Western Australia.\n\nRed-eared slider turtles are considered a significant threat to native turtle species; they mature more quickly, grow larger, produce more offspring, and are more aggressive. Numerous studies indicate that red-eared slider turtles can out-compete native turtles for food and nesting and basking sites. Unlike the general diet of pet red-eared sliders, wild red-eared sliders are usually omnivorous. Because red-eared slider turtles eat plants as well as animals, they could also have a negative impact on a range of native aquatic species, including rare frogs. Also, a significant risk exists that red-eared slider turtles can transfer diseases and parasites to native reptile species. A malaria-like parasite was spread to two wild turtle populations in Lane Cove River, Sydney.\n\nSocial and economic costs are also likely to be substantial. The Queensland government has invested close to AU$1 million in eradication programs to date. The turtle may also cause significant public-health costs due to the impacts of turtle-associated salmonella on human health. Outbreaks in multiple states and fatalities in children, associated with handling Salmonella-infected turtles, have been recorded in the US. Salmonella can also spread to humans when turtles contaminate drinking water.\n\nThe actions by state governments have varied considerably to date, ranging from ongoing eradication efforts by the Queensland government to very little action by the government of New South Wales. Experts have ranked the species as high priority for management in Australia, and are calling for a national prevention and eradication strategy, including a concerted education and compliance program to stop the illegal trade, possession, and release of slider turtles.\n\nRed-eared slider turtles are threatening to invade the natural water bodies across northeast India, which are home to 21 out of 29 vulnerable native Indian species of freshwater turtle. Between August 2018 and June 2019, a team of herpetologists from the NGO \"Help Earth\" found red-eared sliders in the Deepor Beel wildlife sanctuary and Ugratara Devalaya temple pond. Further reports have been made from an unnamed stream, feeding into the Tlawng river, on a farm in the Mizoram capital, Aizawl.[citation needed]\n\nWithin the second volume of the Tales of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, the popular comic-book heroes were revealed as specimens of the red-eared slider. The popularity of the Ninja Turtles, coupled with the release of the first live-action film, led to a craze for keeping them as pets in United Kingdom, with subsequent ecological havoc, as turtles were accidentally or deliberately released into the wild."
    },{
      "name":["Osteopilus septentrionalis"],
      "introduction":"\n\nThe Cuban tree frog (Osteopilus septentrionalis) is a large species of tree frog that is native to Cuba, the Bahamas, and the Cayman Islands; but has become invasive in several other places around the Americas. Its wide diet and ability to thrive in urban areas has made it a highly invasive species with established colonies in places such as Florida, the Hawaiian island of Oahu, and the Caribbean Islands. These tree frogs can vary in size from 2 to 5.5 inches (5 to 12.7 cm) in length. Due to their large size, Cuban tree frogs can eat a wide variety of things, particularly native tree frogs, and their removal has shown to result in an increase in the amount of native tree frogs in an area. The tadpoles of Cuban tree frogs also heavily compete with native frog tadpoles, which can cause negative effects in body mass, size at metamorphosis, and growth rates for the native tadpoles.",
      "sections":"Cuban tree frogs are the largest tree frogs in North America, ranging from 2 to 5.5 inches or (5 to 12.7 cm) in length. Cuban tree frogs are mostly gray, brown, or green, with young frogs having more green coloration than adults. These frogs have rough, warty skin with blotchy or mottled patterning. Cuban tree frogs have the ability to change their color and pattern to camouflage themselves. The inner thighs of these frogs are bright yellow, which helps to confuse a predator when the frog jumps and reveals the color.  The toes have sticky pads that are useful in their arboreal life.\n\nThe skin on their heads is fused to the skull; if the head of an adult frog is rubbed (between the eyes), the skin does not move. This special adaptation prevents water loss, since fewer blood vessels occur in the \"co-ossified\" (fused) area. Cuban tree frogs are able to secrete a toxic mucus from their skin which can cause a fiery sensation if it makes contact with a person's eyes.\n\nCuban tree frogs are mainly nocturnal and sleep during the day, preferring to hunt and breed when the sun goes down. Being very voracious, this tree frog will eat almost anything large enough to fit in its mouth, including smaller frogs. Their foraging will occasionally take them up utility poles, where they can cause short-circuits of utility switches, causing costly power outages. Cuban tree frogs will sometimes sleep on palm trees or in potted plants, which can aid in their spread.\n\nAs with most frogs, female Cuban tree frogs are larger than males. During the breeding season, the male will have a black nuptial pad on his hand or wrist that helps him hold onto the female during amplexus.\n\nCuban tree frogs breed year round depending on the conditions, preferring to breed during the wetter months. Optimal conditions are considered to be 81.5 °F (27.5 °C) with high humidity (97.8%) and rain. A female can lay several hundred eggs to over a thousand in a single clutch. Eggs can hatch in under 30 hours and tadpoles can fully develop in one month. They have wide caudal fins and two rows of labial teeth on the top of their mouths and four rows on the bottom. Tadpoles survive on algae and will occasionally eat other tadpoles, and on rare occasions, recently metamorphosed juveniles. After metamorphosis, froglets are between 0.55 and 0.67 inches (14 and 17 mm) long.\n\nThe Cuban tree frog is native to Cuba, the Bahamas, and the Cayman Islands. This large frog has been introduced in Puerto Rico, the US Virgin Islands, and the British Virgin Islands. Whether the species was native to the Key West region of Florida is debated, or if it was introduced to the area. First discovered in the 1930s, these frogs arrived via cargo ships in the 1800s. They can survive in brackish water, which may have helped the species to spread to various islands. The Cuban tree frogs' progressive colonization into the mainland of Florida is believed to be abetted by use of State Road A1A construction during the 1940s. The species is now established in southern Florida and parts of the panhandle region, and can be found as far north as South Carolina.\n\nThe Cuban tree frog is known to hitchhike on shipments of potted plants, vegetation, packaging, boats, and other motorized vehicles. Once in a new location, the frogs become an invasive species. In Puerto Rico, they have become a predator of the common coquí (Eleutherodactylus coqui). They have several good colonizing traits, such as high fecundity, short generation time, a diverse diet, good competitive ability, and the ability to coexist with humans. In addition, they also secrete a toxic mucus from their skin which helps to limit the number of natural predators.\n\nCuban tree frogs are known to inhabit a variety of habitats, including estuaries, low-density suburban development, small towns, agricultural areas, particularly ones with exotic plants, and lowland forests and swamps. Within their habitats, they can be found in damp, shady areas, particularly around shrubs and trees, by cisterns, rain barrels, and buildings. They like to be near medium and large sized trees and prefer conditions where the temperature remains above 10 degrees Celsius.\n\nThis large frog directly impacts native ecosystems by eating native frogs, lizards, and snakes, and poses a threat to the biodiversity of the areas into which it spreads by causing native tree frog populations to decline. These effects are most noticeable in urban and suburban areas, where native tree frogs, such as the American green tree frog (Hyla cinerea) and the squirrel treefrog (Hyla squirella) are rapidly disappearing.\nIt has spread throughout peninsular Florida, and is also commonly found in isolated populations as far north as southern Georgia. It is inadvertently carried on vehicles or ornamental plants, spreading to new areas, and has been transported as far north and west as Saskatchewan, Canada. Because of its effects on the biodiversity, some experts have recommended killing the animal when it is found in a new habitat. This can be done, most humanely, through the application of Orajel to the abdominal skin, waiting fifteen minutes for the frog to be fully anaesthetized, and then placing it in a freezer for a few hours.\n\nCuban tree frogs are commonly available in the pet trade within the United States.  They are inexpensive, and when cared for properly tend to live five to ten years. They feed readily on any animal they can fit in their mouths, which can result in cannibalistic behavior if frogs housed together have a significant size difference.  Their toxic mucus can burn the eyes and trigger an allergic (or asthmatic) reaction; as a result, this species is not an ideal pet species, especially for children.\n\nThe Cuban tree frog's colonization of  Oahu is believed to be a result of accidental or deliberate release of pets. Therefore, the species is now banned from sale in Hawaii. Conviction of importation of a Cuban tree frog carries a maximum fine of $25,000 and a year in jail."
    },{
      "name":["Anisantha tectorum"],
      "introduction":"\n\nAnisantha tectorum (L.) Nevski\n\nBromus tectorum, known as downy brome, drooping brome or cheatgrass, is a winter annual grass native to Europe, southwestern Asia, and northern Africa, but has become invasive in many other areas. It now is present in most of Europe, southern Russia, Japan, South Africa, Australia, New Zealand, Iceland, Greenland, North America and western Central Asia. In the eastern US B. tectorum is common along roadsides and as a crop weed, but usually does not dominate an ecosystem. It has become a dominant species in the Intermountain West and parts of Canada, and displays especially invasive behavior in the sagebrush steppe ecosystems where it has been listed as  noxious weed. B. tectorum often enters the site in an area that has been disturbed, and then quickly expands into the surrounding area through its rapid growth and prolific seed production.\n\nThe reduction of native plants and the increased fire frequency caused by B. tectorum prompted the United States Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS) to examine if the greater sage-grouse needed to be listed as a threatened or endangered species due to habitat destruction. After the review was completed by the USFWS, Secretarial Order 3336 was signed with the goal of reducing the threat of rangeland fires and preserve habitat by reducing downy brome.\n\nResearch has shown that ecosystems with a healthy biological soil crust and native plant community will be resistant to B. tectorum invasion. In areas where B. tectorum is invasive treatments that are being researched/used by land managers to control B. tectorum include seeding of native plants and non-native bunch-grasses to out compete B. tectorum, herbicides, and prescribed burns. The effectiveness of these treatments is tightly linked to the timing of the water availability at the site. With precipitation shortly after herbicide and seeding treatments increasing the success, and overall high precipitation increases B. tectorum growth, causing the treatment effects to be statistically insignificant.",
      "sections":"Bromus comes from a Greek word for a type of oat, and tectorum comes from tector which means overlaying and tectum which means roof. Bromus tectorum is a winter annual grass native to Eurasia usually germinating in autumn, overwintering as a seedling, then flowering in the spring or early summer. B. tectorum may be mistaken for a bunchgrass because it may send up shoots that give it the appearance of having a rosette. In areas where it is growing in dense stands the plants will not form this rosette like structures, but instead are single-culmed (stalked).\n\nThe stems are smooth (glabrous) and slender.  The leaves are hairy (pubescent) and have sheaths that are separate except at the node where the leaf attaches to the stem.  It typically reaches 40–90 centimetres (16–35 in) tall, though plants as small as 2.5 centimetres (0.98 in) may produce seed. The flowers of B. tectorum are arranged on a drooping panicle with approximately 30 spikelets with awns and five to eight flowers each. It is cleistogamous (self pollinating, non-opening flower) with no evident out-crossing. B. tectorum has a fibrous root system with few main roots that does not reach more than a foot into the soil, and has wide-spreading lateral roots that make it efficient at absorbing moisture from light precipitation episodes. A study showed that it had the capability to reduce soil moisture to the permanent wilting point (minimal soil moisture required for a plant not to wilt) to a depth of 70 centimetres (28 in), reducing competition from other species.\n\nBromus tectorum grows in many different climates. It is found primarily in the 150–560 millimetres (5.9–22.0 in) precipitation zone. It will grow in almost any type of soil, including B and C horizons of eroded areas and areas low in nitrogen. B. tectorum is quick to colonize disturbed areas. It is most often found on coarse-textured soils and does not grow well on heavy, dry, and/or saline soils. It grows in a relatively narrow range of soil temperatures; growth starts at 2.0–3.5 °C (35.6–38.3 °F) and slows when temperatures exceed 15 °C (59 °F).\n\nThe seeds ripen and disperse in the late spring and early summer. They are dispersed by wind, small rodents, or attachment to animal fur, within a week of maturity. They are also moved as a contaminant in hay, grain, straw, and machinery. Bromus tectorum is an abundant seed producer, with a potential in excess of 300 seeds per plant; seed production per plant is dependent on plant density. Under optimal conditions, B. tectorum may produce 450 kg of seed per hectare (400 pounds per acre) with about 330,000 seeds/kg (150,000 seeds/pound). As the seed of B. tectorum ripen the plant goes from green to purple to straw-colored.\n\nB. tectorum seeds demonstrate rapid germination as soon as the seed lands in appropriate conditions. If winter rainfall is limiting and germination is inhibited, but spring moisture is adequate, then seeds will germinate in the spring, and the plants will flower that summer. The seeds maintain high viability (ability to germinate under optimal conditions) in dry storage, lasting over 11 years. In the field, under buried conditions, seeds will lose their viability in 2–5 years. Seeds can withstand high soil temperatures, and the primary limit to germination is inadequate moisture. Germination is best in the dark or in diffuse light. They germinate most quickly when covered with soil, but do not need to be in contact with bare soil. Some leaf litter cover will generally improve germination and establishment of seedlings. Seedlings emerge rapidly from the top 2.5 cm (1\") of soil, and a few plants emerge from depths of 8 cm (3\"), but not from seeds 10 cm (4\") below the surface.\n\nBromus tectorum has been introduced to southern Russia, west central Asia, North America, Japan, South Africa, Australia, New Zealand, Iceland, and Greenland. It was first found in the United States (where it is known as downy brome or cheatgrass) in 1861 in New York and Pennsylvania, and by 1928 B. tectorum had spread to all parts of the United States (including Hawaii and Alaska), except for Florida and portions of Alabama, Georgia, and South Carolina. B. tectorum is most abundant in the Great Basin, Columbia Basin, and is part of the introduced species that replaced California native plants in the California Floristic Province's grasslands and other habitats. In Canada B. tectorum has been identified as an invasive weed in all provinces, and is extremely prevalent in Alberta and British Columbia .\n\nIn the US, it grows on rangelands, pastures, prairies, fields, waste areas, eroded sites, and roadsides. It is much reviled by ranchers and land managers.  B. tectorum seeds are also a critical portion of the diet of the chukar and grey partridge which have been introduced to the US. Intensive sheep browsing of B. tectorum in early spring has been used as a fire fuels reduction strategy in the hills adjacent to Carson City, Nevada. Because of rangeland fires and the invasion of Bromus tectorum, in 2010 the United States Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS) considered the possibility of extending the protections of the Endangered Species Act to the greater sage-grouse. The primary focus of Secretarial Order 3336, signed in 2015 in response to the USFWS status review, was to reduce threats to greater sage-grouse habitat by reducing the frequency and severity of rangeland fire. Specifically, Secretarial Order 3336 focused on how reducing B. tectorum could reduce the frequency and extent of rangeland fires. Since the review of the status of the greater sage-grouse by the USFWS in 2010 and the implementation Secretarial Order 3336 in 2015 the bulk of the research focusing on B. tectorum ecology and control has been completed.\n\nBromus tectorum has demonstrated a quantitative and qualitative response to recent and near-term changes in the concentration of atmospheric carbon dioxide. Laboratory experiments have shown that above-ground biomass increased 1.5–2.7 gram per plant for every 10 part per million (ppm) increase above the 270 ppm pre-industrial baseline. On the qualitative side, rising carbon dioxide decreased the digestibility and potential decomposition of B. tectorum. In addition to stimulation of biomass, rising carbon dioxide may also increase the above ground retention of B. tectorum biomass by decreasing removal by animals or bacteria. Ongoing increases in atmospheric carbon dioxide may contribute significantly to B. tectorum productivity and fuel load with subsequent effects on wildfire frequency and intensity.\n\nBromus tectorum has been shown to benefit from endophytic colonization by morels (Morchella sextelata, M. snyderi) in western North America.\n\nThe availability of native seed will always be a limiting factor in restoration of sagebrush ecosystems after a rangeland fire. Little is understood about the germination requirements of native species. This lack of understanding is complicated by the episodic nature of establishment in arid grasslands. In response to the limited availability of native seed, land managers have been seeding Agropyron cristatum, a perennial bunchgrass native to Russia and Asia. The use of seeding another non-native to control an exotic, problem species is called assisted succession. A. cristatum is much easier to establish than the native perennials and has been shown to be a strong competitor of Bromus tectorum.\n\nHowever, A. cristatum can exhibit invasive behavior and is a strong competitor of native perennials. The reason it is used, regardless of its invasive behavior, is because it restores some function to a perennial grassland.  A. cristatum is resistant to wildfire and it is suitable forage for cattle and wildlife. But the intensive control that would be needed to establish a native plant community in a  A. cristatum monoculture would cause disturbance that would also increase the invasive species it was planted to out compete. An alternative to using A. cristatum as a placeholder species in assisted succession is to establish it alongside foundation species like sagebrush. Adding sagebrush would diversify the ecosystem and provide habitat for sagebrush obligates. However, this would mean accepting the possibility that the native plant community may never establish.\n\nA majority of research in 2011-2017 has focused on the use of herbicides to control B. tectorum and their effect on native plant communities. When using herbicides to suppress winter annual grasses the two most important factors that influence success are application timing and residual soil activity. Application timing is split into three main categories: pre-emergence in the fall before Bromus tectorum germinates, early post-emergence in early spring when B. tectorum is a seedling, and late post-emergence in late spring after B. tectorum is mature.\n\nTo be most effective post-emergence application needs to be done as late in the spring as possible to ensure that the herbicide treatment hits the majority of the B. tectorum population. However, the late application puts the native perennial vegetation at risk as they may be coming out of dormancy. Herbicides with no residual soil activity are not generally used because they are only effective in the year of application. If the herbicide has no residual soil activity the herbicide must be applied post-emergence in the early spring, but pre-emergence application is preferred because pre-emergence application is less likely to harm the native vegetation.\n\nStudies have suggested that herbicide usage may select for warm season grasses and decrease the abundance of cool season grasses. There are five main herbicides used to control B. tectorum: imazapic, rimsulfuron, tebuthiuron, glyphosate, and indaziflam. However, the bulk of the recent research has been done on glyphosate, indaziflam, and imazapic.\n\nGlyphosate has no residual soil activity and must be used post-emergence, which limits its control of B. tectorum to one year. For effective control it must be applied to the same area for more than five years to get ahead of seed production to prevent recolonization. Imazapic is the herbicide most widely used by land managers for B. tectorum control. Of the herbicides listed it is also the most commonly studied. Imazapic is preferred because it can be applied both pre and post-emergence, is approved for rangeland use, and has residual soil activity that allows for one to two year control. Indaziflam is one of the newest herbicides, licensed in 2010. It has a residual soil activity of 2–3 years and its also useful against many other invasive grasses. Not only does it reduce the abundance and biomass of B. tectorum, but it also reduces the highly flammable litter that B. tectorum produces. In early trials it has consistently out competed imazapic. As of 2017, indaziflam has not been approved for use outside of residential and commercial properties.\n\nPrescribed burning alone reduces Bromus tectorum biomass for approximately two years. The goal of a prescribed burn in a B. tectorum invaded area is to remove the highly flammable plant litter in a controlled manner. The timing of prescribed burns can affect the variety and amount of returning vegetation.  A study shows spring burns may result in a significant reduction of native vegetation, but fall burns have been shown to increase species richness. Fall burns may also promote select grasses and fire resilient plants. Another control for B. tectorum burns is consideration for the densities and fire adaptations of nearby foliage. In some cases, the existence of adjacent morchella can trigger mutual relationships like increased fiber and, by extension, fuels that nurture the return of cheatgrass. Similarly, when densely packed conifers begin infilling sagebrush communities the understory perennial vegetation is reduced; when these areas are prescribed burned the succession is dominated by B. tectorum in favor of taller grasses, making burns situationally inferior.\n\nWater availably has a large impact on the success of Bromus tectorum treatments. In years of high precipitation, B. tectorum recruitment and biomass will increase and may render the treatment ineffective. In most long-term B. tectorum studies precipitation differences between years are speculated to be the cause of variation in effectiveness. However, well-timed precipitation after herbicide application can increase the amount of herbicide that makes it into the soil. When herbicide is applied to an area and there is B. tectorum litter on the ground, much of the herbicide will be absorbed into the litter and some will adhere to the litter. The litter creates a blanket that B. tectorum can germinate under even after herbicide application. But if it rains shortly after herbicide application, some of the herbicide that is trapped in the litter can be released and work into the soil. The rain may also allow native species to over come herbicide impacts. Increased precipitation in early spring may increase the success of seeding by increasing the germination rate of native grasses and remove B. tectorum’s competitive advantage.\n\nThere is a positive correlation between native vegetation communities and biological soil crust (BSC). BSC is composed of cyanobacteria, algae, lichens, and mosses living on the soil. In arid regions BSCs colonize the spaces between plants, increase the biodiversity of the area, are often the dominant cover, and are vital in ecosystem function. In addition to providing erosion control, BSC is vital for nutrient cycling and carbon fixing. Fire and trampling by cattle are the major threats to the BSC communities, and once disturbed it can take decades to centuries for BSC to reform.  A decline in the health of the BSC community serves as an early warning indicator for Bromus tectorum invasion. If the BSC community is healthy then it will impede B. tectorum germination and reduce the likelihood of invasion. However, if there is a disturbance in the biological soil crust and B. tectorum is able to establish, then it will impede the recovery of the BSC community.\n\nNative perennial grasses have roots that often reach four feet into the soil. These roots provide organic matter, which feeds the soil organisms that assist in water and nutrient cycling in arid ecosystems and improve soil quality. Bromus tectorum has a shallow, spreading root system, which makes it much more efficient at absorbing moisture from light precipitation episodes and disrupts nutrient cycling. Several studies have shown that native plant biomass, especially that of bunchgrasses, negatively affects B. tectorum cover and biomass, suggesting that a diverse native perennial community will be more resistant to B. tectorum invasion.\n\nStudies have identified Poa secunda, Pseudoroegneria spicata, and Achnatherum thurberianum as key grasses for B. tectorum resistance. The life strategies of these three grasses differ in such a way that they provide constant interaction and competition with B. tectorum. P. spicata, and A. thurberianum are deep rooted and complete most of their growth in the late spring, and P. secunda is shallow rooted and completes most of its growth in the late winter and early spring.\n\nPerennial grass ecosystems are less prone to burning. B. tectorum has been historically thought to create a positive feedback loop. However, Taylor, et al. (2014), suggest that fire alone does not promote B. tectorum. If an area burns, the B. tectorum cover and biomass does not increase as was once thought, but recovers to previous levels. Increased fires, because of B. tectorum, may serve to maintain, not increase, the B. tectorum population by preventing the natives from establishing."
    },{
      "name":["Mytilopsis sallei"],
      "introduction":"\n\nMytilopsis sallei, the black-striped mussel, is a small marine bivalve mollusc in the family Dreissenidae, the false mussels.\n\nIt is closely related and ecologically similar to the zebra mussel, Dreissena polymorpha. It is also considered as highly invasive species.",
      "sections":"Mytilopsis shell morphology is highly variable. Shells range from 20-40mm in length, and about 10-20mm in width. The shell is brownish, greyish, and yellowish, with dark brown and white stripes. The animal inside is light orange and yellow.\n\nThere are seven known species of Mytilopsis, but because the morphology is so unclearly recorded, many are considered synonyms for each other. The Mytilopsis species has a highly variable shell morphology which has led to confusion. Mytilopsis are one of three genera of the family Dreissenidae, along with Congeria and Dreissena. Mytilopsis differs from Dreissena in that Mytilopsis have an internal apophysis, or hinge loop. Mytilopsis and Congeria are sister genera in the same clade.\n\nM. sallei matures early (at 8–10 mm shell length) and possesses a fast growth rate and high fecundity. It takes about 18 months for the mussel to fully mature and 12 to sexually mature. The species exhibits the characteristics of r-strategists, producing many offspring rapidly, which may favor competition with native species and inhibit the growth of other species. M. sallei exhibits two periods of reproductive activity and settlement per year, one component in the summer and one in the winter. Recruits of one season overlap with others, assuring continued success of the species.\n\nIt typically lives in large colonies in clean, brackish water, unlike Dreissena, which inhabits only fresh water. As adults, Mytilopsis can tolerate wide fluctuations in salinity. It can also be found in intertidal and subtidal habitats as an invasive species living on a variety of substrates. Originated in the Caribbean and Mexico Bay, it has since spread to Southeast Asia and the Indo-Pacific region, much like many tropical species. It is thought that boats traveling through the Panama Canal assisted in distributing them, but some believe the species that currently inhabits Asia is different from Mytilopsis sallei and has been there all along.\n\nM. sallei was transported to China via ballast waters, and was first recorded in Xiamen waters (Maluan Bay) in 1990 and in the Yundang Lagoon in 2000. M. sallei has also been introduced to Visakhapatnam harbour, India attached to the hulls of ships. In Taiwan, the introduction of M. sallei caused declines of native hard clams, harmful changes in aquaculture systems, and economic losses. M. sallei was first identified in Japan in 1980, in Australia  in 1999 (although quickly eradicated), in Thailand in 2001, in Singapore in 2006, and in Israel in 2009. M. sallei is an alien species to Asia and Australia; it flourishes there because there are no natural controlling organisms and also because this species is highly adaptable to its environment.\n\nM. sallei has wide temperature, salinity, oxygen, and turbulence tolerances. The species is adapted to life in turbid estuaries with wide variations in these characteristics. M. sallei is a pest, invasive species that can inhibit growth of other species.\n\nThe species has also been associated with ecosystem damage and economic loss as they have been known to erode fishing facilities and other structures, leading scientists to believe its distribution should be carefully monitored. M. sallei are suspension feeders whose diets consist of organic matter and plankton. They can act as filters, removing particles and plankton from the water, though the effects of this ecological role are still unclear.\n\nM. sallei are considered aggressive invasive species, particularly in Japanese and Indian ports. They are able to quickly reproduce and mature, allowing them to take over habitats. Efforts to control the species were taken in Darwin, Australia including chemical treatment which resulted in total eradication of the population. Studies have found that treating M. sallei larvae with magnesium and ammonia ions reduces their settlement, preventing their growth and development. Little research has been done on the impacts of this invasive species as well as possible management strategies."
    },{
      "name":["Adenanthera falcataria"],
      "introduction":"\n\nFalcataria falcata (syns. Albizia falcata, Falcataria moluccana and Paraserianthes falcataria), commonly known as the Moluccan albizia, is a species of fast-growing tree in the family Fabaceae. It is native to the Maluku Islands, New Guinea, the Bismarck Archipelago, and the Solomon Islands. It is cultivated for timber throughout South Asian and Southeast Asian countries. This tree is considered to be invasive in Hawaii, American Samoa and several other island nations in the Pacific and Indian Oceans. It reaches about 30 m (100 ft) tall in nature, and has a massive trunk and an open crown.",
      "sections":"Falcataria falcata is cultivated throughout the wet tropical and subtropical regions of the world and so has many common names. These include: albizia (Hawaii), Moluccan albizia, sengon (Java), salawaku (Maluku), jeungjing (Indonesia), ai-samtuco (Tetun, Timor-Leste), batai (Malaysia), kerosin tree (Pohnpei), sau, Moluccan sau, falcata (Philippines), and Tamaligi (Samoa).\n\nThe tree has become invasive in forests in Hawaii and on other Pacific islands, like New Caledonia.\n\nIn Hawaii the caterpillars of the endemic Hawaiian koa looper (Scotorythra paludicola) has been found to defoliate Falcataria falcata and complete their development on this invasive tree without the larvae eating the leaves of their native host Acacia koa.\n\nIn Borneo the following moth species have been identified as feeding on Falcataria falcata.\n\nIn the broader Indomalayan region the following species have also been found feeding on F. falcata:\n\nThe industrial tree plantation wood Falcataria falcata was found to be susceptible to the species of drywood termites, Cryptotermes cynocephalus, in trials in the Philippines. This tree species has also been found to be susceptible to the subterranean termite species Coptotermes formosanus in tests conducted in Indonesia and Hawaii. The Formosan subterranean termites consumed 49 ± 4.0 μg/termite/day of F. falcata wood in the Indonesian Standard (SNI) laboratory tests or 66 ± 6.5 μg/termite/day under the Japanese Standard (JIS) tests for termite susceptibility.\n\nFalcataria falcata is the primary host of the gall rust fungus Uromycladium falcatarium, and has also been recorded as a host of Uromycladium tepperianum. Both of these gall rust species cause severe damage throughout all stages of the tree's growth.\n\nTwo Actinomycetales bacteria Streptomyces asiaticus and S. cangkringensis have been isolated from the rhizosphere soil surrounding F. falcata in Indonesia. Although at least 10 species of Streptomyces are plant pathogens it is unclear if these two species have any negative impacts on the roots or other tissues of this tree."
    },{
      "name":["Bassia hyssopifolia"],
      "introduction":"\n\nBassia hyssopifolia is a species of flowering plant in the family Amaranthaceae, known by the common names five-horn smotherweed, five-hook bassia, and thorn orache. It is native to parts of Asia and Eastern Europe, and it is known on other continents as an introduced species, including North and South America and Australia. It is a weed, invasive at times.\n\nThe Latin word hyssopifolia (which also occurs in several other plant names, for example that of Cuphea hyssopifolia) means \"hyssop-leafed\".",
      "sections":"This species is an annual herb with simple or branching stems usually growing up to a metre tall, or sometimes taller. The leaf blades are flat and linear to lance-shaped. The lowest leaves are up to 6 centimetres long. The inflorescence is a short, narrow spike occupying the upper stem. It is lined with woolly-haired flowers growing solitary, paired, or in clusters of three. The small flower has five segments, each of which has a hooked spine at maturity. The fruit is less than 2 millimetres long. The hooked spines of the flower persist on the dry fruit.\n\nThis species resembles kochia (Bassia scoparia), but it has longer, hairier flower spikes. It has been mistaken for Russian thistle (Kali tragus), but it is less branched and less spiny. It is also similar to lamb's quarters (Chenopodium album), but its leaves are smaller and narrow to a point.\n\nThis plant is native to Eurasia and was first described from the Caspian Sea region. It may have spread beyond its native range as a seed contaminant, possibly of alfalfa seed. It was first recorded in North America in 1915 near Fallon, Nevada. By 1921, it was noted in the Central Valley of California, and by 1940, it was present from British Columbia to Wyoming and had established in eastern North America. The seeds are probably dispersed when the spiny dry fruits catch in animal fur and feathers, and human activity such as road maintenance may aid their spread and establishment.\n\nThis plant grows easily in alkaline and saline soils. While it has been known to displace native flora at times, it is more persistent than competitive; it simply tolerates stress better than many other plants. On land with little disturbance, native plants can replace it. It generally does not have a strong negative effect on local ecosystems. Infestations are rarely severe.\n\nLivestock will graze on the plant, but it is toxic to them, particularly to sheep, which have been known to die after just one feeding. The foliage contains potassium oxalate. It has been cited as one of the major plant species causing oxalate poisoning in ruminants.\n\nWhere B. hyssopifolia occurs as an introduced weed it may be controlled by several methods, including hand-pulling. It does not resprout from root bits left in the soil. Seedlings can be cut off at ground level. The plant could be controlled with herbicides, akin to kochia and Russian thistle infestations, but it has rarely required such a treatment.  Fire has also been used to restore native bird nesting grounds taken over by B. hyssopifolia."
    },{
      "name":["Doria dumetorum"],
      "introduction":"\n\nSolidago gigantea is a North American plant species in the family Asteraceae.: 211  Its common names include tall goldenrod and giant goldenrod, among others.\n\nGoldenrod is the state flower of Kentucky, and Solidago gigantea is the state flower of Nebraska.",
      "sections":"Solidago gigantea is a perennial herb that reaches heights of up to 2 m (6.6 ft) tall, sometimes spreading by means of underground rhizomes. It often grows in clumps with no leaves at the base but numerous leaves on the stem. At the top, each stem produces a sizable array of many small flower heads, sometimes several hundred. Each head is yellow, containing both disc florets and ray florets.\n\nSolidago gigantea is found in a wide variety of natural habitats, although it is restricted to areas with at least seasonally moist soils.\n\nIt is a widespread species known from most of non-arctic North America east of the Rocky Mountains. It has been reported from every state and province from Alberta to Nova Scotia to Florida to Texas, and also from the state of Nuevo León in northeastern Mexico.\n\nSolidago gigantea is highly invasive throughout Europe and Asia. In its non-native range, it exerts a negative impact on native communities by decreasing species richness and diversity, apparently due to its intense competitive effects, rapid growth, or polyploidization. In the non-native European range, several management options are applied, such as periodical flooding, mowing, mulching, grazing, or herbicide to reduce the negative impact of the species on native biodiversity.\n\nParasitized by the Basidiomycete Coleosporium asterum.\n\nThis species is host to the following insect induced galls:"
    },{
      "name":["Phytophthora cinnamomi"],
      "introduction":"\n\nPhytophthora cinnamomi, also known as cinnamon fungus, is a soil-borne water mould that produces an infection which causes a condition in plants variously called \"dieback\", \"root rot\", or (in certain Castanea species), \"ink disease\".\n\nOnce infected soil or water is introduced, the organism can spread rapidly throughout an environment. An infestation can lead to the illness, death, and possible eradication of vulnerable plants, as well as habitat reduction for animals. An outbreak can be challenging to recognize and can inflict irreversible harm to ecosystems.\n\nThe plant pathogen is one of the world's most invasive species and is present in over 70 countries around the world.",
      "sections":"Phytophythora cinnamomi is distributed worldwide and can infect a diverse range of hosts, including club mosses, ferns, cycads, conifers, cord rushes, grasses, lilies and a large number of species from many dicotyledonous families, and is included in the Invasive Species Specialist Group list of \"100 of the World's Worst Invasive Alien Species\". Its potential range is expected to extend northward with warming due to climate change.\n\nIt affects a range of economic plants, including food crops such as avocado and pineapple; as well as trees and woody ornamentals such as Fraser firs, shortleaf pines, loblolly pines, azaleas, camellia and boxwood, causing root rot, dieback and death of infected plants. Symptoms include wilting, decreased fruit size and yield, collar rot, gum exudation, necrosis, leaf chlorosis, leaf curl, and stem cankers. It can also cause dieback of young shoots and may interfere with transpiration of roots to shoots. Older plants may not display symptoms or only exhibit mild dieback despite having severe root rot.\n\nPhytophthora cinnamomi is a diploid and primarily heterothallic species with two mating types, A1 and A2.  Sexual reproduction in heterothallic Phytophthora species ordinarily occurs when gametangia of opposite mating type interact in host tissue.  This interaction leads to the formation of oospores that can survive for long periods in or outside the host. Phytophthora cinnamomi is facultatively homothallic and capable of self-fertilization. Cultures of mating type A2 can be induced to undergo sexual reproduction by damaging conditions such as exposure to hydrogen peroxide or mechanical damage.\n\nPhytophthora cinnamomi lives in the soil and in plant tissues and can spread in water. During periods of harsh environmental conditions, the organisms become dormant chlamydospores. When environmental conditions are suitable, the chlamydospores germinate, producing mycelia (or hyphae) and sporangia. The sporangia ripen and release zoospores, which infect plant roots by entering the root behind the root tip. Zoospores need water to move through the soil, therefore infection is most likely in moist soils. After entering the root, mycelia grow throughout the root absorbing carbohydrates and nutrients and destroy the structure of the root tissues, \"rotting\" the root and preventing the plant from absorbing water and nutrients. Sporangia and chlamydospores form on the mycelia of the infected root allowing further dispersal.\n\nAlthough P. cinnamomi was first identified in tropical and subtropical countries, but can survive and develop in cooler climates as well. It spreads as zoospores and/or chlamydospores in soil and water under favourable conditions such as warm temperatures and high soil moisture.\n\nMethods of transmission include local invasion via contact between the roots of infected and susceptible plants, downslope movement in surface or subsurface water such as rivers or irrigation water, zoospore dispersal over long distances via wind-blown soil and debris, and transport of infected plant matter and soil, for example via particles stuck to footwear, vehicles or equipment. Native and feral animals have been known to transport the disease, including through the digestive tract of feral pigs. However human activities such as timber harvesting, mining, bush walking, and road construction are also major methods of dispersal.\n\nWhen Phytophthora dieback spreads to native plant communities, it kills many susceptible plants, resulting in a permanent decline in the biodiversity and a disruption of ecosystem processes. It can also change the composition of the forest or native plant community by increasing the number of resistant plants and reducing the number of susceptible plant species. Native animals that rely on susceptible plants for survival are reduced in numbers or are eliminated from sites infested by Phytophthora dieback.\n\nIn Australia, where it is known as phytophthora dieback, dieback, jarrah dieback or cinnamon fungus, Phytophthora cinnamomi can infect thousands of native plants, causing damage to forests and removing habitats for wildlife. Several native plants are at risk of extinction due to the effects of the disease.\n\nPhytophthora cinnamomi's impact is greatest in Western Australia, Victoria, Tasmania and South Australia, while the Northern Territory remains unaffected due to the unfavourability of the environment.\n\nOf particular concern is the infection and dieback of large areas of forest and heathland which support threatened species in the south-west Western Australia.  Many plants from the genera Banksia, Darwinia, Grevillea, Leucopogon, Verticordia and Xanthorrhoea are susceptible.  This in turn impacts on animals reliant on these plants for food and shelter, such as the southwestern pygmy possum (Cercartetus concinnus) and the honey possum (Tarsipes rostratus). A study in the Perth region found that dieback caused a significant shift in the bird community and affected nectar-feeding species the most, with fewer species such as the Western Spinebill in areas that were dieback-infested.\n\nDamage to forests suspected to be caused by Phytophthora cinnamomi was first recorded in the United States about 200 years ago. Infection can cause littleleaf disease of shortleaf pine (Pinus echinata), Christmas tree disease in nursery grown Fraser fir (Abies fraseri), and sudden death of a number of native tree species such as American chestnut. Oak populations are affected in areas ranging from South Carolina to Texas.\n\nPhytophthora cinnamomi is also a problem in the Mexican state of Colima, killing several native oak species and other susceptible vegetation in the surrounding woodlands. It is implicated in the die-off of the rare endemic shrub Ione manzanita (Arctostaphylos myrtifolia) in California.\n\nPhytophthora cinnamomi is the leading cause of damage to avocado trees, and is commonly known as \"root rot\" amongst avocado farmers.  Since the 1940s various breeds of root rot-resistant avocados have been developed to minimize tree damage.  Damaged trees generally die or become unproductive within three to five years. A 1960 study of the Fallbrook, California, area correlated higher levels of avocado root rot to soils with poorer drainage and greater clay content.\n\nNo treatment has been found to eradicate P. cinnamomi, although an integrated approach can control the spread and impact of the disease.\n\nGardening practices to restrict spread include restricting soil or water movement from infected areas by using clean bins and equipment, installing watertight drains to prevent surface run off, and working last in diseased areas after harvesting healthy areas first.\n\nPlanting in raised beds promotes rapid drainage and reduces prolonged contact of plant roots with water, making the soil environment less hospitable to P. cinnamomi. For specific plants such as young avocado plants, soil solarisation by using clear polythene sheets laid on the soil surface to trap radiant heat from the sun can reduce spread, and an integrated approach is generally taken to control disease on avocado.\n\nChemical means of control include fumigation and the use of phosphonate fungistats. Fumigation prior to planting may be effective on some life stages of P. cinnamomi, but does not eliminate chlamydospores as they are present deeper in the soil where fumigation may not reach. However, fumigation can potentially worsen disease by reducing the population of competing soil microorganisms, and P. cinnamomi is often able to re-invade fumigated soil.\n\nPhosphonate fungistats can improve the ability of a tree to tolerate, resist, or recover from infection. Phosphite administered through direct foliage sprays, aerial application by aircraft or direct injection has been used to limit the disease with some success and has been recognized as a major strategy for disease prevention.\n\nCommonly potassium phosphite is used as a biodegradable fungicide,[dubious – discuss] and calcium or magnesium phosphite may also be used. Overuse of phosphate may harm the treated plant, especially when the plant is phosphate deficient."
    },{
      "name":["Ptilinopus chrysogaster"],
      "introduction":"\n\nThe Raiatea fruit dove (Ptilinopus chrysogaster) is a species of bird in the family Columbidae.  It is endemic to the Society Islands in French Polynesia. Although first named to science in 1853, this fruit dove was evidently discovered 30 years earlier, by René Primevère Lesson (1794–1849), while serving as naturalist aboard La Coquille. It was formerly considered a subspecies of the grey-green fruit dove but was split as a distinct species by the IOC in 2021. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.",
      "sections":"The Raiatea fruit dove is endemic to the French Polynesian islands Huahine, Raiatea, Tahaa, Bora Bora, and, at least formerly, Maupiti. There is an estimated population of p 1000 to 2500 mature individual birds. Better population estimates after 2001 are unknown.\n\nThere is an ongoing population decline due to habitat destruction; the introduction of non-native plants, predation by invasive species such as the swamp harrier (Circus approximans) and feral cats, Polynesian rats (Rattus exulans), black rats (R. rattus) have a negative impact on the quality of the species habitat."
    },{
      "name":["Lygodium microphyllum"],
      "introduction":"\n\nLygodium microphyllum (commonly known as, variously, climbing maidenhair fern, Old World climbing fern, small-leaf climbing fern, or snake fern) is a climbing fern originating in tropical Africa, Southeast Asia, Melanesia and Australia. It is an invasive weed in Florida where it invades open forest and wetland areas. The type specimen was collected in the vicinity of Nabúa, on the island of Luzon in the Philippines by Luis Née.",
      "sections":"Lygodium microphyllum is native to much of tropical Africa and South Africa; tropical Asia, including China, Ryukyu Islands of Japan; Australia; Fiji, the Mariana Islands and Caroline Islands.\n\nLygodium microphyllum has become naturalized in the Caribbean and South Florida.\n\nLygodium microphyllum causes problems in the environments where it is invasive.  The plant damages wetland ecosystems, harming endangered species.  The ferns ability to grow up and over trees and shrubs and to form dense horizontal canopies allows it to cover whole communities of plants, reducing native plant diversity. Old World climbing fern can grow in many diverse ecosystems. Lygodium microphyllum poses problems for fires, both natural and man-made, because it can lead fire into the tree canopy, killing trees. The fern rapidly spread in South Florida's public conservation lands.\n\nRecently, the USDA approved the use of insects to keep the fern contained. Insects (Austromusotima camptozonale, Neomusotima conspurcatalis) and mites (Floracarus perrepae) have been released in several state parks to control the fern. Although some populations were devastated by a bout of cold weather, recently, reports of new activity have been made.\n\nLygodium microphyllum has been used locally in folk medicine to treat skin ailments and problems, swelling and dysentery.\n\nLygodium microphyllum fibers (as well as other species of Lygodium), known as nito, are used to weave traditional salakot hats in the Philippines."
    },{
      "name":["Astragalus microcymbus"],
      "introduction":"\n\nAstragalus microcymbus is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name skiff milkvetch. It is endemic to Colorado in the United States, where it is known from Gunnison County and the edge of Saguache County. It was discovered in 1945 by Rupert Barneby, a British botanist.  Currently, skiff milkvetch is experiencing population declines and is listed as a Tier 1 species in the Rare Plant Addendum to the Colorado State Wildlife Action Plan.",
      "sections":"The skiff milkvetch is a perennial herb native to Colorado. It has a lifespan ranging from 1–14 years with most individuals living for 2 to 3 years. Skiff milkvetch belongs to the Astragalus genus, the largest genus in the legume family, containing over 3,000 plant species. This genus is characterized by pinnately compound leaves and flowers growing in clusters referred to as racemes. The skiff milkvetch has loosely packed racemes, containing 7-14 flowers. Flowers are pale-purple to off white, blooming from May to early July. The upper petal is notched and the lower petals have a purple tip. Leaves are 2–4 cm long with individual leaflets 3–9 mm long. The common name \"skiff\" refers to the boat-shaped fruits produced by the plant. Fruits are produced from late May through July, growing up to 8 mm long. It is able to produce seeds in the first year of establishment and can continue reproduction for ten years, however, it is able to go dormant for multiple years at a time. It is unknown if the plant is reliant on pollinators for reproduction, although findings suggest pollinators may play some role in seed production. Seed dispersal is likely done via wind and rain, however this is not well researched. Skiff milkvetch has been observed using a mast seeding strategy, where whole populations produce excess seeds during some years and minimal seeds during other years. Skiff milkvetch stems exhibit a slight purple tinge and grow 2.5–6 centimetres (0.98–2.36 in) long between nodules, with the full plant growing up to 30 centimetres (12 in) tall; however, stems often grow along the ground or wrapped in other nearby vegetation.\n\nThe skiff milkvetch occupies a very small range within Gunnison County and likely into the northwestern edge of Saguache county within Southwestern Colorado. Historically, estimates have been up to 20,500 individual plants in five distinct populations. It is found in a 3.5-by-10-mile (5.6 km × 16.1 km) area with a disconnected population 10.5 miles (16.9 km) to the southwest.  These ranges occupy two distinct drainages: the South Beaver Creek drainage and the Cebolla Creek drainage, with elevation ranging from 2400 to 2500m. These areas are land managed by the BLM (Bureau of Land Management) and private land owners. Skiff milkvetch live primarily on gravelly sandy loam soils that are well drained. Occasionally, they be found growing on rock outcroppings, loose stones, and shallow soils within sagebrush. This region is relatively cold and dry, receiving about 20 inches (510 mm) of precipitation annually and having an average temperature of 39.1 °F (3.9 °C).[citation needed]\n\nSkiff milkvetch lives in the sagebrush steppe in the Mountain-Prairie region of the United States. This region occupies the interior of the continent west of the Rocky Mountains. It is characterized by the dominant vegetation type, Sagebrush (Artemesia spp.). Living among the sagebrush are a variety of bird species, small mammals, predatory animals, and grazers. Most notably, there is the Gunnison sage-grouse, rabbit, coyote, and pronghorn. There are also a variety of herbaceous plants living in the understory of the sagebrush such as; native bromes, cacti, and other wildflowers with bitterbrush and rabbitbrush bushes. The skiff milkvetch provides a food source for small mammals that feed on the above ground vegetative structures of the plant.\n\nSkiff milkvetch populations have been declining due to a variety of threats. Habitat loss is likely a source for declining populations. There has been an increase in urban development in Gunnison County near the habitat of skiff milkvetch. This habitat is only 2 to 7 miles (3.2 to 11.3 km) from the city of Gunnison,  the largest in all of Gunnison County. Along with many towns in the Rocky Mountains, Gunnison is experiencing rapid population growth. Increased human populations are directly correlated to increasing habitat fragmentation through the building of infrastructure and increased recreation. Much of the range of skiff milkvetch lies within the popular recreation area of Hartman Rocks.  This area is heavily used by off-highway vehicles (OHV) and mountain bikes. A quarter of skiff milkvetch populations are on privately owned land with development on it. In addition to habitat loss, nonnative invasive plants are a source for population decreases in skiff milkvetch. Among the invasive plants impacting skiff milkvetch populations is cheatgrass. Over the course of the past century cheatgrass has becoming a dominant force in shaping sagebrush ecosystems. It has experienced population increases due to shifting wildfire activity, agriculture, and livestock use in the sagebrush ecosystem. Due to cheatgrass' extreme ability to reproduce it heavily alters ecosystems and out competes native vegetation. Deer, elk, and livestock use the same habitat occupied by skiff milkvetch. These large grazers will eat the plant further reducing populations and may also trample on plants, killing them. There is long standing research on the negative impacts of livestock on native vegetation in arid western ecosystems.  These effects can likely be applied to our understanding of skiff milkvetch, although they have not been explicitly researched.\n\nSkiff milkvetch has long been subject to herbivory by small mammals. One study found that 26% of all skiff milkvetch plants had damage from herbivores. Another suggested that after two consecutive years of heavy predation a plant dies.  This is most impactful in years with increased rabbit populations.\n\nFinally, skiff milkvetch population decreases can be attributed to climate change. This plant is extremely sensitive to precipitation changes. During summer drought conditions the entire plant becomes dormant, halting all reproductive efforts. Current climate projections for the region favor drier, warmer summers. This increase in summer drought condition will result in a lack of reproduction and decreased recruitment of skiff milkvetch.\n\nIn 2010, the skiff milkvetch was petitioned to be added to the list of endangered species protected by the U.S. government. However, it was ruled to be warranted but there are higher priority species that must be listed first, currently it listed as a candidate species. Since 1995 the Denver Botanic Gardens have been monitoring skiff milkvetch populations, collecting data used in a variety of studies. On going studies are focused on understanding the life history and reproductive methods of skiff milkvetch. One study is using data collected from 2019 and 2010 using 150 plants characterizing pollinator visits, seed bank effectivity, and herbivory. Another focused on environmental conditions impacts on skiff milkvetch reproduction as well as herbivore impacts on population dynamics. A different study has looked into population genetics of skiff milkvetch, furthering our understanding of the evolution and speciation of skiff milkvetch. The plant has also been listed by the BLM as a special status species, meaning all recreation, treatments, and restoration efforts in the range of skiff milkvetch must be done with the plant's best interest in mind."
    },{
      "name":["Rhamnus cathartica"],
      "introduction":"\n\nCervispina cathartica (L.) Moench\n\nRhamnus cathartica, the European buckthorn, common buckthorn, purging buckthorn, or just buckthorn, is a species of small tree in the flowering plant family Rhamnaceae. It is native to Europe, northwest Africa and western Asia, from the central British Isles south to Morocco, and east to Kyrgyzstan. It was introduced to North America as an ornamental shrub in the early 19th century or perhaps before, and is now naturalized in the northern half of the continent, and is classified as an invasive plant in several US states and in Ontario, Canada.",
      "sections":"Rhamnus cathartica is a deciduous, dioecious shrub or small tree growing up to 10 metres (33 ft) tall, with grey-brown bark and often thorny branches. The leaves are elliptic to oval, 25–90 mm (1–3+1⁄2 in) long and 12–35 mm (1⁄2–1+3⁄8 in) broad; they are green, turning yellow in autumn, have toothed margins, and are arranged somewhat variably in opposite to subopposite pairs or alternately. The flowers are yellowish-green with four petals; they are dioecious and insect pollinated and bloom in April–June. The fruit is a globose black drupe, 6–10 mm (1⁄4–3⁄8 in) across, and contains two to four seeds.\n\nIn addition to the kindred Frangula alnus, Rhamnus cathartica may be visually confused with a plant of another family, Cornus sanguinea.\n\nThe species was originally named by Carl Linnaeus as Rhamnus catharticus, but this spelling was corrected to cathartica as the genus name Rhamnus is treated as being of feminine gender.\n\nThe seeds and leaves are mildly poisonous for humans and most other animals, but are readily eaten by birds, who disperse the seeds in their droppings. The toxins cause stomach cramps and laxative effects that may function in seed dispersal. The chemical compounds responsible for this laxative effect are anthraquinone and emodin. The species name cathartica and the common name purging buckthorn refer to this effect.\n\nIn 1994, R. cathartica was implicated in the outbreak of an idiopathic neurological disease in horses,[clarification needed] although no causative agent was officially identified. In trials where rodents were fed the leaves and stems of R. cathartica, glycogen metabolism became abnormal and glycogen deposits formed in the cytoplasm of liver cells. Abnormalities in glycogen metabolism lead to diabetes in humans.\n\nRhamnus cathartica is shade-tolerant, moderately fast-growing and short-lived. It is a food plant of the brimstone butterfly, Gonepteryx rhamni. The sulphur-yellow males are indicative of the presence of this species or of its alternative host, Frangula alnus.[citation needed]\n\nRhamnus cathartica is the alternate host for the rust disease of cereals caused by Puccinia coronata. Crown rust fungus results in leaf damage and reductions in photosynthesis during its transit in this species.\nRhamnus cathartica is also the primary overwintering host in North America for a significant agricultural pest of soybeans, the soybean aphid.\n\nSecondary compounds, particularly emodin, have been found in the fruit, leaves, and bark of the plant, and may protect it from insects, herbivores and pathogens. The emodin present in R. cathartica fruit may prevent early consumption, as it is found most in unripe fruits, which allows seeds to reach maturity before being dispersed. Birds and mice significantly avoid eating unripe fruits, and if forced to ingest emodin or unripe fruit, the animals regurgitate the meal or produce loose, watery stools. Rhamnus cathartica is a constitutive isoprene emitter \n\nAllelopathic effects of exudates from R. cathartica leaf litter, roots, bark, leaves and fruit may reduce germination of other plant species in the soil. Soils in buckthorn-dominated areas are higher in nitrogen and carbon than normal soils, which speeds up decomposition rates of leaf litter. This can result in bare patches of soil being formed and R. cathartica performs well in such disturbed habitats, so this may be adaptive for the setting of its seed.\n\nThe species is naturalised and invasive in parts of North America. Rhamnus cathartica has a competitive advantage over native trees and shrubs in North America because of root competition, the shade it produces, and it leafs out before native species. Of the annual carbon gain in R. cathartica, 27–35% comes from photosynthesis occurring before the leaves of other plants emerge. Soil in woodlands dominated by R. cathartica was higher in nitrogen, pH and water content than soil in woodlands relatively free of R. cathartica, probably because R. cathartica has high levels of nitrogen in its leaves  and these leaves decompose rapidly.[citation needed]\n\nRhamnus cathartica is also associated with invasive European earthworms (Lumbricus spp.) in the northern Midwest of North America. Removing R. cathartica led to a decrease of around 50% in the biomass of invasive earthworms.\n\nSoils enriched by extra nitrogen from decayed buckthorn leaves and additional earthworm activity have a negative impact on North American forest ecosystems: \"Invasive earthworms, which need rich litter, break [buckthorn leaves] down rapidly, destroying beneficial fungi and exposing bare soils in the process.  These soils provide ideal conditions for buckthorn germination and seedling growth but many native trees and shrubs need the beneficial fungi and will not reproduce without it.\"\n\nCommon buckthorn can be found in most northern states of the United States and it is particularly prevalent in the Great Lakes states of Minnesota, Wisconsin, and Michigan.  A current map of its distribution can be found at Early Detection and Distribution Mapping System (EDDmapS). This species is largely bird-dispersed, but only a subset of bird species that eat the fruit are competent dispersers. It is winter hardy in USDA zones: 3 to 8. It is a prohibited species in a few US states; Minnesota lists it as a Restricted noxious weed making it illegal to import, sell, or transport the plant, Connecticut, Iowa, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, also restrict or ban the plant, and Vermont lists it as a Class B noxious weed.\n\nRhamnus cathartica is difficult to control in its invasive range, because it sprouts vigorously and repeatedly from the root collar following cutting, girdling or burning. Herbicide application to newly cut stumps is a popular and effective control method, but seeds stay viable in the soil for several years before sprouting, so repeated treatments and long-term monitoring of infested areas is required. Triclopyr and picloram and their derivatives have been found to be effective chemical means of control. Roundup can be used but is less reliable. An application of these chemicals in early winter reduces the risk of negatively affecting non-target species, as most have gone dormant by this time. It is also easier to spot infestations at this time of the year, as the leaves of R. catharticus stay out an average of 58 days longer than native plants.\n\nMechanical control methods such as pulling and chopping of plants are more environmentally friendly, but also very time-consuming. Plants with stems less than half an inch in diameter or less than a metre (3') tall can easily be pulled, but pulling risks disturbing the roots of adjacent, native plants and harming them as well. Propane weed-torches may also be used to kill seedlings, which will generally not resprout if burned in spring or early summer.\n\nThe bark and fruit of Rhamnus cathartica were used as a purgative in traditional medicine, but is generally no longer used for this purpose on account of the fruit's violent action and potentially dangerous effects on the body. It also appeared to be routinely used as a purgative in some monastic settings, as was clear from the latrine pits of the Benedictine Abbey at St Albans excavated in the 1920s, where great numbers of buckthorn seeds were found mixed up with the fragments of cloth used by the monks as lavatory paper\n\nThe wood is hard and dense, and the bark yields a dye."
    },{
      "name":["Bidens amplectens"],
      "introduction":"\n\nBidens amplectens, the Waiʻanae kokoʻolau, is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae. It belongs to the genus Bidens, collectively called kokoʻolau or koʻokoʻolau in the Hawaiian language. It is found in coastal and dry lowland habitats in the Waiʻanae Range on Oʻahu. It is threatened by habitat loss due to the spread of invasive weeds and brush fires. The species is also threatened by climate change and habitat degradation, and herbivory. Bidens amplectens is currently listed as endangered under the Endangered Species Act.",
      "sections":"Bidens amplectens is a member of the sunflower family (Asteraceae). It is an herb with branched stems, from 1.5 to 3 m (5 to 10 ft) tall. It has sparsely pubescent leaves that are pinnately compound, 9 to 15 cm (14 to 22 in) long with 3 to 5 leaflets. Cymes with lateral branches have 10 to 30 flower heads. Ray florets are yellow, 7 to 9 per head, and disk florets are 40 to 60 per head with yellow corollas. Achenes (dry fruit) are gray, straight, wingless, 5 to 8 mm (0.2 to 0.3 in) long and 1 mm (0.04 in) wide, sparsely setose (bristly) on margins and faces.\n\nBidens amplectens is a short-lived annual or perennial dicot herb. This species' lifespan is between 1 and 10 years. Little is known about the life history of Bidens amplectens. Flowering was observed in April, May, October, and November. Bidens amplectens' pollination vectors, seed dispersal agents, specific environmental requirements, and limiting factors are unknown. Bidens amplectens is known to hybridize with Bidens torta, another flower native to O'ahu.\n\nBidens amplectens is a photosynthetic autotroph.\n\nFeatures of the Bidens genus’ flowers indicate pollination by birds, however, this has not been observed in nature.\n\nThe habitat for Bidens amplectens includes cliffs and talus slopes in lowland dry shrubland on the windward side of the Waiʻanae mountains. This species was noted as present in 2012 in coastal and lowland dry habitats.\n\nThe coastal ecosystem on O'ahu includes mixed herblands, shrublands, and grasslands, from sea level to 980 ft (300 m) in elevation. It is generally within a zone above the influence of waves to within 330 ft (100 m) inland. The coastal vegetation zone is typically dry, with annual rainfall of less than 20 in (50 cm). Windward rainfall may be higher. Biological diversity is low to moderate in this ecosystem. It may include some specialized plants and animals.\n\nThe lowland dry ecosystem includes shrublands and forests generally below 3,300 ft (1,000 m) elevation. This system receives less than 50 in (130 cm) annual rainfall, with mostly dry substrate. On O'ahu, this ecosystem is typically found on the leeward side of the Wai'anae Mountains, and the leeward southern coast, including Diamond Head Crater. Biological diversity is low to moderate in this ecosystem.\n\nBidens amplectens is native to O'ahu. Plant growth occurs on windward cliffs and crests along the northern portion of the Waianae Mountains on the island. The species is present in the coastal and lowland dry ecosystems, at elevations between 300 and 1,400 ft (90 and 430 m). Bidens amplectens is involved in hybrid swarms near Kaena Point to Makua Valley with Bidens torta. The entirety of the species is restricted to the island of O'ahu.\n\nThere are currently 10 populations of Bidens amplectens totaling fewer than 500 individuals. Historically, this species was fairly common.  In 2003, the widespread population was estimated to total fewer than 1,000 individuals. Last recorded, there are about 10 populations of Bidens amplectens. Seven of these populations in similar locations have numbers ranging from 10 individuals to more than 100 individuals. Three populations were observed elsewhere, numbered between 25 and 56 individuals.\n\nHistorically Bidens amplectens ranged from Puʻupueo to Makaleha along the northwestern side of the Waiʻanae mountains on Oʻahu. Currently, there are about 10 populations at slightly higher elevations on the windward slopes. Bidens amplectens hybridizes and intergrades with Bidens torta from near Kaʻena Point to the head of Mākua Valley on the summit ridges of the Waiʻanae mountains. Pure Bidens amplectens is restricted to the windward cliffs and crests.\n\nHabitat modification and destruction by invasive introduced plants negatively affects Bidens amplectens at all locations in the Waiʻanae mountains. Fire is noted as a threat to Bidens amplectens, as well as its vulnerability to climate change. Predation and herbivory by feral pigs, goats, and rodents were reported to be a threat to Bidens amplectens. The additional threat hybridization with Bidens torta can result in loss of species diversity, local adaptations, and genetic representation.\n\nFire kills Bidens amplectens plants and seeds. Fires also have the potential to allow nonnative species to become established. The nonnative species that invade after fires tend to be ideal fuel for further fires. Additionally, these nonnative species can outcompete native species like Bidens amplectens.\n\nDue to the low number and small range of Bidens amplectens, hurricanes are a big threat. Hurricanes can cause destruction of plants and habitats. Extreme weather, like hurricanes, can damage or destroy Bidens amplectens plants and seeds. Hurricanes also destroy other vegetation, creating new gaps in forest canopies. The change in sunlight is a disturbance that can allow nonnative species to invade.\n\nSince their introduction by humans to Hawaii, feral pigs and goats have become major threats to native plants. Feral pigs and livestock goats may eat Bidens amplectens. Additionally, they can damage or kill Bidens amplectens through rooting or trampling. When pigs root in the dirt, they disturb soil, and when they defecate, they fertilize soil. Pigs often carry nonnative plants on their hooves and coats, as well as in their feces. This creates opportunities for nonnative plants to invade. Nonnative feral goats pressure these native plants through foraging and movement through vegetation.\n\nBidens amplectens was first listed as a candidate for protection under the Endangered Species Act as threatened in 2004. The final rule for the species listed it as endangered under the ESA in September 2012, along with 22 other species on O'ahu. At listing, critical habitat was established for the plant in two habitat types (1,508 ac, 607 ha). The species' status has not been revised since listing.\n\nThe first 5-year review for Bidens amplectens was initiated in October 2018. The plant was originally listed as endangered with a priority number 2. The recovery priority number is based on the high degree of threat and a high potential for recovery with threats that are well understood and can be alleviated. Bidens amplectens remains in danger of extinction throughout its range. The Hawaii Division of Forestry and Wildlife (DOFAW) monitors Bidens amplectens. Previously, outplanting has been attempted with more than 400 individuals, and efforts are ongoing. Currently there is a lack of information on the success of outplanted populations. There are seeds and propagules in collections for this species available for continued research and outplanting attempts. The reviewing party suggests additional management actions are needed to conserve this species in the future.\n\nNot available for this species.\n\nThe draft recovery plan for Bidens amplectens is in preparation. Even without a recovery plan, critical habitat has been established. Four units of coastal habitat and 5 units of lowland dry habitat are listed as critical habitat for Bidens amplectens.\n\nThe Hawaiʻi and Pacific Plants Recovery Coordinating Committee (HPPRCC) has outlined actions and goals for stages leading towards recovery. The first step in recovering the species is to prevent extinction. To do this, the plant must be managed to control threats, such as fencing. It must also have 50 individuals from each of three populations secured off-site, such as a nursery or seed bank collection. In addition, at least three populations should be documented on Oʻahu where Bidens amplectens now occur or occurred historically. Each of these populations must be naturally reproducing and increasing in number. There must be at least 100 mature, reproducing individuals per population. This recovery objective has not been met. The following recovery stages’ (Interim, Downlisting, and Delisting) objectives have not been met.\n\nThere are recommended actions for each threat against Bidens amplectens. Authorities should continue to survey for Bidens amplectens in historical locations and potentially suitable habitats. Suitable habitat may be affected in the future by climate change which must be accounted for. There is a need for control of harmful nonnative invasive plants that compete with Bidens amplectens. As fire is a major threat, conservationists must develop and put in place fire prevention management plans. As herbivory is another major threat, exclosures or strategic fencing at all populations of Bidens amplectens should be constructed. Similarly, implementation of effective control methods for rats is necessary. For preservation of this species, collection of seeds for storage and propagation efforts is highly important. These seeds can be used for maintenance and reintroduction. There is a high need to start planning and contribute to enacting ecosystem-level restoration and management for this species.\n\nThere is an interim recovery outline for the island of O'ahu that includes Bidens amplectens and all other endemic species. The outline is provided by the US Fish and Wildlife Service. The recovery outline suggests many of the actions listed by the HPPRCC plan. It lists many recovery efforts in place on the island, though most are small or underfunded. The Final Recovery Plan for O'ahu and Multi-Island listing is intended to be in place in 2026."
    },{
      "name":["Aegilops squarrosa"],
      "introduction":"\n\nAegilops triuncialis, or barbed goatgrass, is a grass species of the family Poaceae. It is a winter annual native to many areas in Eastern and Mediterranean Europe and Western Asia.  It is considered an introduced, invasive species in North America, mainly in the Western coast of the United States. In its native lands, the grass thrives in mainly rocky, serpentine soil, but also does well in grasslands and ruderal/disturbed ground as well as oak woodlands.",
      "sections":"Barbed goatgrass grows to be about 8 to 16 inches (20 to 41 cm) tall with few to many rigid, loosely erect aerial stems (culms).  In late spring the plant produces rigid flower spikes consisting of three to six spikelets bearing long, stiff awns which assist in seed distribution. When the grass matures, the spikelets fall off in their entirety to germinate on the ground, and the long awns which give the plant its name assist in dispersal by animals, wind or water.\n\nBarbed goatgrass was introduced to North America in the 20th century from Mediterranean Europe and Western Asia.  It has been found in California, Oregon, Nevada, and the New England area, but with the greatest impact in California.  Barbed goatgrass was introduced to the California area with the trade of Mexican cattle in the early 20th century. The plant's unusual ability to invade nutrient-depleted, infertile soils means that it can severely damage habitats which often serve as important refugia for endemic grassland species which most other invading grasses are unable to exploit.\n\nBarbed goatgrass is a fast-growing, rapidly spreading invasive species mainly in grasslands, pastures, and ranches. It is listed as a noxious weed by California Department of Food and Agriculture. Because of its fast, invasive growing patterns, barbed goatgrass creates a monoculture, killing the other plants in its area.  The invasive nature of barbed goatgrass is causing a decrease in species diversity, and a decrease in forage. Most grazing animals tend to avoid barbed goatgrass because they do not like the taste of it, allowing the grass to take over the other grasses and grains consumed by the animals.  The barbs on the flower spikelets containing the seeds become attached easily to animal fur, human clothing, and vehicles which allows the seeds to become more widely dispersed over the area.\n\nThe most important component in the control of barbed goatgrass is early detection. When found in small isolated areas, it can be taken care of more effectively. A recently developed method of assessing greenness in aerial color infrared (CIR) imagery using Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI) values to differentiate between these invasive weedy grasses and other more innocuous species may help land managers with early detection. Barbed goatgrass matures in late spring after most other annual grasses have already senesced, and this method utilizes these differences in phenology to easily identify patches that require management.\n\nControlled burning is one method being used by the University of California in small areas to try to control the amount of barbed goatgrass. To be most effective, multiple burns had to be performed in the isolated area over two years to more fully rid the area of the grass. After the burns, many native species were able to live in the small area once again.\n\nAnother control method used by the University of California to control barbed goatgrass is the spraying of glyphosate. Used over a two-year period in small areas, glyphosate was able kill barbed goatgrass and all its seedlings. Although the chemical is effective in killing barbed goatgrass, it also kills the other plants in the area. Aminocyclopyrachlor, a new experimental chemical is being used to control barbed goatgrass by the University of California's Weed Science department. It has been shown to be extremely effective, however, aminocyclopyrachlor is not a registered herbicide and as such, widespread use is not yet allowed.\n\nMowing of the grass is another control method. It allows the grass to be cut before maturing and developing seeds to reproduce, but it is not as effective as the other methods as the deep and established root system of the barbed goatgrass is still in place and can grow again.\n\nAlthough there are many ways to control the growth of barbed goatgrass, a real solution has not been found in its widespread prevention. Barbed goatgrass cross breeds with different types of wheat, causing the grain to become infertile and unusable for harvest, which hurts the economy of the rural California areas. It can also seriously harm grazing animals by the barbs becoming embedded in their nose, mouth, and eyes, causing farmers and ranchers extra expenses.  It reduces the amount of forage in the area, decreases biodiversity and overall degrades the ecosystem it resides in. Studies of the University of California also show that if climate change increased the amount of precipitation in the area, the amount of barbed goatgrass may increase, destroying even more of its ecosystem. Its rapid growth and resiliency against control methods prove that barbed goatgrass is an invasive species that could cause many more problems to the agriculture of California and possibly many other areas if it is not taken care of soon."
    },{
      "name":["Arion ater"],
      "introduction":"\n\nLimax ater Linnaeus, 1758\nArion empiricorum Férussac, 1819\n\nThe black slug (also known as black arion, European black slug, or large black slug), Arion ater, is a large terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Arionidae, the round back slugs. Many land slugs lack external shells, having a vestigial shell. Most slugs retain a remnant of their shell, which is usually internalized, unlike other terrestrial mollusks (such as snails) which have external shells. Without such shells, slugs produce mucus, that may also contain toxins—to deter predators. Terrestrial slugs produce two other forms of mucus that facilitate locomotion and prevent death from drying. Such mollusks are hermaphroditic. Slugs most often function as decomposers but are also often omnivores. Arion ater is one such slug, decomposing organic matter, preying on other organisms, and consuming vegetative matter including agricultural crops. Native to Europe, the black slug is an invasive species in Australia, Canada (British Columbia, Newfoundland, Quebec), and the United States (Pacific Northwest, Alaska).",
      "sections":"Arion ater varies from 10–15 cm (3.9–5.9 in), reaching maturity at about 2.5 cm (0.98 in) and moves at a speed of up to 4.5 cm/min (1.8 in/min)\n\nThe black slug is generally deep black, with some adults being brown or even white. Generally, pigmentation darkens directly with increasing latitude. Young specimens tend to be brown or ivory whitish, turning to grey before becoming characteristically black at maturity. Rust-brown individuals are arguably classified as a separate species Arion rufus (Red Slug). The two can only be distinguished by dissecting the reproductive anatomy.\n\nThe foot-fringe is black, the tubercles are large and elongate, and the sole is blackish grey. The atrium and vagina (genitalia) are considerably narrower than is the spermatheca (organ for storing sperm). The oviduct is narrow while the spermatheca is spherical.\n\nThe black slug is omnivorous, and its diet includes fungi, carrion, earthworms, leaves, stems, dead plant material and dung. The food is shredded into tiny pieces by the radula and is then digested by enzymes.\n\nLike other terrestrial slugs, the black slug is a hermaphrodite, preferring to find a mate—often several—but can self-fertilize. After mating, the black slug seeks a dark, moist environment such as beneath mosses—occasionally within topsoil—to lay its eggs about 5 mm (0.20 in) in diameter. Between August and October, an individual slug lays up to 150 eggs every one to three weeks—clutches diminishing to 20 eggs late in the season. Juveniles hatch after at least twenty-seven days, hatching later under cold temperatures. Maturation takes up to nine months, enabling mating in early summer. Black slugs die shortly after laying its last clutch, rarely surviving into a second year.\n\nThe ovotestis (gonad or hermaphrodite gland) produces gametes at the proximal end of the reproductive system. The hermaphrodite duct runs forward, connecting to the albumen gland and the common duct (spermoviduct). The male and female gametes separate before entering the common duct. The male portion of the reproductive tract contains the vas deferens and the epiphallus. Arion slugs lack a penis. The vas deferens connects the spermoviduct to the epiphallus. The epiphallus then opens to the genital atrium. The spermathecal duct (bursa copulatrix duct) is a sac for storing spermatozoa and also enters the atrium. The female portion contains the oviduct, transferring eggs from the common duct to the atrium. The atrium is further subdivided into an upper and lower atrium. A stimulating organ (ligula) can also be found in the atrium. Finally, the atrium opens through the genital pore. The genital pore is located on the animal slightly behind and below the right upper tentacle on the head.\n\nLike other members of the family Arionidae, the black slug has a pneumostome (breathing hole) on the right side of its mantle through which it breathes. This mantle is the part in snails that secretes a shell, but in the black slug, the mantle contains a resilient protective structure of calcareous granules.\n\nArion ater produces three forms of mucus. The first two aid the animal in locomotion, with a thinner mucus coating the animal laterally, and a thicker, more viscous mucus secreted along the length of the slug. This combination facilitates wave like contractions of the foot that propel the animal forward. The third type of mucus is a vile-tasting substance which helps deter predation. All three forms of mucus help protect the slug from dehydration, as well as to locate and identify other slugs to mate with, or even prey upon.\n\nThis species is found in northern Europe (including Great Britain and Ireland), Canada, the Pacific Northwest, and most recently in Australia and some Caribbean countries:\n\nThe black slug is mainly nocturnal and avoids exposure to sunlight, although in introduced areas, it has been observed to be active all parts of the day and night. It is omnivorous, eating carrion, fungi, animal feces, algae, lichen, and vegetation (living or decaying). These slugs prefer to eat on cloudy days or at night when temperatures are above 10 degrees Celsius. Mucus-production necessitates moist habitats, such as among leaf-litter, mosses, or fallen trees. Consequently, the black slug becomes most active after rainfall. A 1976 study compared black slug assimilation rates to that of similar slugs in the UK. The study determined the black slug feeds at similar rates to other European slugs (in terms of biomass), suggesting the black slug is an equally important decomposer/consumer in forest systems. The study theorized these high assimilation rates might result from abundant enzymes in slug digestive systems: amylase, invertase, cellulase, xylanase, and chitinase. The last might be especially indicative of how these slugs can consume large quantities of fungi such as Armillaria mellea. Microbiota within black slug digestive systems produce these enzymes—such as the bacteria that produce cellulose—enabling the slugs to break down lignocellulose. A recent study further explored Arion ater’s gut microbiome and discovered the black slug to have far more bacteria within its gut than did neighboring, northern European insects, including members of the orders Coleoptera, Isoptera, Orthoptera, and Diptera. This study learned the black slug’s gut microbiome to be functional at a wide range of temperatures and pH levels, and its results suggest that the mycobacterial culture may be uniform throughout the black slug’s gut and that Gammaproteobacteria composes most of this culture. This study contrasted its results to studies of North American black slugs that presented higher levels of cellulolytic activity at a narrower pH range. In summary, Arion ater can digest diverse food material such as cellulose because gut bacteria produce digestive enzymes.\n\nAs decomposers/consumers, slugs engage an important niche, contributing to ecosystem health. A 2005 study looked at another Arion slug species and concluded slugs may promote plant biodiversity. This study suggested that slugs promote plant—especially forb—species diversity and that slugs support annual plant species’ fitness, reducing rates of successional change. Additionally, slugs help disperse seeds and spores through their waste, and slugs facilitate nutrient cycling by being an omnivorous consumer (especially a decomposer) and by leaving behind their mucus, which also facilitates decomposition.\n\nSlugs are common agricultural and horticultural pests. They consume abundant vegetative matter, especially seedlings. Additionally, many people find slugs to be unsightly.\n\nMost animals prefer not to prey upon the black slugs because of the taste of its mucus and because this mucus can make them slippery and consequently difficult to capture; however, this slug does have some natural predators, including the hedgehog, badger, shrew, mole, mouse, frog, toad, snake, carnivorous beetle, and some birds. When picked up or touched, the black slug will contract to a hemispherical shape and begin to rock from side to side. This defensive behavior confuses predators, and is unique in the family Arionidae.\n\nArion ater has been introduced to southeastern Australia and to North America, where it occurs in Newfoundland, southern British Columbia, the Pacific Northwest of the United States and some parts of Alaska. In the past two decades, its mating with the non-native (at northern latitudes) pest species Arion vulgaris (or Spanish slug) has resulted in a more resilient hybrid exhibiting increased tolerance to cold.\n\nThese slugs might endanger sensitive ecosystems, especially as an invasive species, and it is yet unclear how drastically these slugs might alter plant community compositions. The black slug is a voracious seedling predator. Terrestrial slugs are considered to be especially dangerous because they alter plant species abundance, adult plant fecundity, and the production of plant defensive compounds. Black slugs are of special concern in fragmented ecosystems and areas with high shrub and tree cover. In Alaska, the black slug threatens seedling populations of lilies and orchids after already having diminished sensitive populations of deltoid balsamroot and yellow montane violet in BC Canada.\n\nThere is much debate concerning black slug effect upon plant species diversity. Slug impacts change over successional stages, and Alaska conservationists observed the black slug's impact on species diversity depends upon community composition. If a system is composed of sensitive species, the black slug will likely have a negative impact by pressuring said species. If a system presents more evenness with less sensitive species, the black slug may promote species diversity and encourage healthy succession rates.\n\nAround the 1970s, the black slug came to Alaska via nursery plants, potting soil, or among shipments containing wood pallets. The Alaska National Heritage Project published an invasive ranking for the black slug, providing a recent case study of the species as an invasive. They ranked the species based upon distribution, biological characteristics, ecological impacts, and feasibility of control. These categories were assigned points, and Arion ater received a 62/100, awarding it a qualitative score of “moderately invasive.” This report stated the black slug can often be found in disturbed soils or areas with well-irrigated soils such as lawns. Frequent sightings along roads suggest the black slug might move more easily along human traffic corridors; however, the black slug is believed to migrate little during its one-year life span. Arion ater’s biology awarded it its highest risk factor. Again, the black slug is a prolific, omnivorous consumer, capable of inhabiting a wide range of conditions with high fecundity. Its effect upon local ecology received a moderate score; while the black slug puts pressure on native systems, it does not appear to catalyze entire regime shifts within the habitats where it has invaded. Greatest concern appears to be its possible pressure on early successional plants and native slugs. The black slug often feeds upon seedlings, diminishing plants’ reproductive success, but the black slug does not appear to be feeding selectively, endangering one plant species over another. And the black slug's effect on native-Alaska slugs is unknown, but the black slug might be displacing the banana slug in BC, Canada; however, such displacement might not have implications beyond those for the banana slugs. Slugs facilitate seed and spore dispersal through fecal matter. The black slug facilitates nutrient cycling by decomposing decaying and fecal matter; additionally, slug mucus left behind in the soil helps cycle nutrients, and Arion ater may merely step into this niche in place of native slugs. Arion ater has spread in Alaska in the following places: Anchorage, Cordova, Yakutat, Gustavus, Juneau, Sitka, Tenakee Springs, Ketchikan, and Kodiak Island, and in some of these areas, the black slug threatens lilies and orchids. It is unlikely complete removal can be achieved given high fecundity, but fencing and educating the public to hand pick black slugs might mitigate associated invasion risks.\n\nConservationists within the Pacific Northwest and BC Canada are concerned about competition between Arion ater and native slugs such as the banana slug (Ariolimax californicus, A. columbianus, and A. dolichophallus). The University of British Columbia's zoology department published a study on this interaction in 2015. They determined the two slugs to be functionally different but proposed further studies to determine whether black slugs are displacing native slugs. Their study found black slugs were more abundant and consumed a greater quantity of mushrooms than native banana slugs but could not determine reasons for differences in population sizes. They theorized the greater abundance of black slugs could be because the black slug displaced banana slugs or because the black slug might be invading areas with previously low banana slug numbers; however, there is no data for banana slug population sizes prior to the arrival of Arion ater. This complicates determining whether alien slugs have a negative or negligible effect upon native slug numbers. Additionally, this study could not determine whether high fungi-consumption resulted from dietary preference or from higher concentrations of alien slugs amidst Douglas fir forests, which promote fungal growth. The study also concluded that black and banana slugs compete for under-story berries. The study demonstrated neither native nor alien slugs consume conifer or fern seedlings. It also demonstrated no significant difference between metabolic rates. However, they concluded the black slug may eat more because of its shorter life span (one compared to several years), requiring faster consumption rates to reach sexual maturity. The study demonstrated both slugs benefit ecosystems by dispersing seeds and spores. This study demonstrates the two slugs to be functionally different; however, this study proposed further research on the following to determine if black slugs are displacing banana slugs: interactions between Arion ater and fungal communities and comparative studies looking at seed dispersal rates to determine their effect on native, fruit-bearing plant communities.\n\nThe Garry Oak Ecosystem Recovery Team suggests the following control strategies, stating chemical controls should only be used as a last resort in protecting endangered species or critical habitat. Hand collecting is most effective at dusk or dawn when slugs feed most actively. Traps are also effective. Commercial traps can be used, or homemade traps can be made using beer. Fences can be used to protect small areas and can be commercial (often electrical) or easily homemade with sawdust, crushed eggshells, ground oyster shells, soap, cinders, or diatomaceous earth. Such fences are especially effective at protecting important seedlings or home gardens. European nematodes (Phasmarhabditis hermaphrodita) parasitize slugs, and in European agriculture, these nematodes have been mass-produced as a biological control; however, European nematodes are neither native to North America nor commercially available. In addition to nematodes, there may be other biological control methods. Sciomyzids (marsh flies) larvae kill slugs and live in environments similar to slugs. Additionally, carabid beetles consume slug eggs. Large carabid beetles, such as Abax parallelepipedus predate slugs.\n\nThe slug mite, Riccardoella limacum, is known to parasitize several dozen species of mollusks, including many slugs, such as Agriolimax agrestis, Arianta arbustrum, Arion ater, Arion hortensis, Limax maximus, Milax budapestensis, Milax gagates, and Milax sowerbyi. Any use of beneficial organisms presents risks of new invaders or of disrupting native population dynamics. Again, conservation groups like the GOERT view chemical treatments as an effective last resort. For example, metaldehyde baits are very effective, but such baits are toxic to humans and native slugs. Iron phosphate baits are less toxic than metaldehyde and carbonyl baits. Iron phosphate, however, degrades rapidly and must be reapplied regularly.\n\nAlaska conservations (as previously mentioned) believe widespread watch programs to be crucial. By informing the public and by funding conservation efforts, we might be able to slow the spread of invasive slugs, preventing any possible competition between native and invasive slugs and protecting sensitive species from seedling predation.\n\nArion ater was used as grease to lubricate wooden axle-trees or carts in Sweden. This use is documented since at least the 18th century.\nBlack slugs are edible but rarely consumed by humans; they taste horrible, may bioaccumulate pesticides, and potentially carry French heartworm (Angiostrongylus vasorum).\n\nResearching the black slug has provided human and ecological value. For example, a 1996 study investigated the bioaccumulation of mercury in black slugs and determined these slugs could be used to monitor levels of heavy metals in terrestrial systems—similar to how ecologists use aquatic mollusks. And a 2014 study researched the black slug gut's microbiology in hopes of catalyzing other studies of cellulolytic activity that could improve biofuel technology."
    },{
      "name":["Acantholyda erythrocephala"],
      "introduction":"\n\nAcantholyda erythrocephala is a species of sawfly in the family Pamphiliidae commonly known as the red-headed pine sawfly or the pine false webworm. Native to Europe, it has been introduced into North America where it has become invasive.",
      "sections":"Fully-grown larvae of A. erythrocephala have yellowish heads spotted with dark brown, and greenish-grey bodies with purplish longitudinal stripes on the top and sides.\n\nThe species is native to Europe and was introduced to North America in 1925, where it has become widespread in northern parts of the United States and Canada, where it is a major pest of white pine (Pinus strobus). Other trees infested include Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) and red pine (Pinus resinosa).\n\nAdults emerge in late spring, and after mating, the female lays eggs on the previous year's needles. The eggs hatch in about two weeks and the larvae move to the base of the old needles and start to feed, only moving on to new needles if they exhaust the supply of old ones. The larvae construct silken webbing inside which they live in tubes, chewing off needles and pulling them inside the tubes for consumption; the tubes soon fill up with bits of needles, cast skins and frass. Older larvae construct their own individual tubes. By the end of June the larvae are fully developed and fall to the ground where they create earthen cells in which they spend the winter.\n\nIn Europe, the larvae of Acantholyda erythrocephala are attacked by the parasitoid Tachinid fly Myxexoristops hertingi. In 2002, 2003 and 2004, in an effort to initiate a biological control programme in North America, pupae of this fly were imported from Italy and released in Ontario in an area of red pine (Pinus resinosa) infested with sawfly larvae. Because populations of sawfly larvae have large natural swings, the impact of the parasitoid fly was difficult to evaluate. Another biocontrol measure investigated involved using an aqueous suspension of Neodiprion abietis nucleopolyhedravirus (NeabNPV); this reduced the survival rate of the sawfly larvae by about 50%, but its impact was again inconclusive.\n\nDefoliation by the sawfly larvae does not directly kill a tree, but it weakens it, allowing pathogens and pests such as bark beetles to attack, and these may result in mortality."
    },{
      "name":["Arion vulgaris"],
      "introduction":"\n\nArion rufus var. vulgaris Moquin-Tandon, 1855\nArion lusitanicus auct. non Mabille\n\nThe Spanish slug (Arion vulgaris, but formerly widely referred to as Arion lusitanicus owing to a misidentification) is an air-breathing land slug, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Arionidae, the roundback slugs. Other vernacular names are Lusitanian slug, Iberian slug, and killer slug.\n\nIt is a large, conspicuous slug, which has spread across much of Europe since the 1950s and now reached North America. It may attain high densities and be a serious horticultural and agricultural pest, and is considered an invasive species. The life cycle is annual, with adults appearing in summer and dying off before winter.",
      "sections":"The Spanish slug was identified as Arion lusitanicus when it was first reported as an invading species in France in 1956, and hence it is sometimes called the Lusitanian slug (e.g.). This was a case of misidentification. In slugs, it is often impossible to find external characters that distinguish closely related species using external features, as colouration can be quite variable, and the rather plastic anatomy makes diagnostic anatomical features difficult to establish. The current consensus is that the true Arion lusitanicus is a species of the western part of the Iberian Peninsula. Examination of slugs from the Serra da Arrábida mountains in Portugal from where it was originally described by Jules François Mabille in 1868 showed that the true A. lusitanicus differed from the invader in its internal anatomy, the shape of the spermatophore and the number of chromosomes.\n\nThe misidentification was first recognised in 1997, and more widely publicised in an atlas of British molluscs. Arion vulgaris was proposed as a substitute name based on a drawing of the genitalia in an 1855 work by Alfred Moquin-Tandon. However, it is debatable whether the name applies to this drawing, so one temporary solution was to use the name Arion lusitanicus auct. non Mabille (i.e. \"as used by authors other than Mabille\"). Nevertheless, A. vulgaris has increasingly been used since, and this is the proposal that has been formally submitted to the International Commission on Zoological Nomenclature.\n\nIt has been erroneously reported that the slug was originally introduced via vegetables from Spain. These reports are usually based on outdated information published in pre-1999 literature. The common name \"Spanish slug\" was further based on the unsubstantiated assumption that the species would not only live in Portugal, but also in Spain. Arion vulgaris seems to be rare in Spain. Another name sometimes applied is the \"Iberian slug\".\n\nThe native distribution of Arion vulgaris is not exactly known. Genetic evidence (the higher incidence of rare alleles) suggests an origin in France or Spain, contrary to earlier genetic analyses that did not adequately sample these regions. In Britain the slug was first recorded in 1954, which is not an indication of it being native there. It is presumed that the specimen illustrated in Moquin-Tandon's original 1855 description was from France.\n\nThe non-indigenous distribution of Arion vulgaris includes almost the whole of Western and Central Europe and extends to various parts of Southern, Northern and Eastern Europe. The first confirmed Asian record was in 2022 from Armenia. A 2017 report from the Asian part of Turkey was not based on dissection and is liable to be A. ater s.l. Arion vulgaris is now also recorded from Canada (2009) and Mexico. Reports of \"A. lusitanicus\" from Madeira may be copied from an 1895 report, in which case they need confirmation; similarly, a 1975 report from the Azores could be of the true A. lusitanicus. Claims of its presence in Algeria also appear unsupported.\n\nChronological overview of expansion of Arion vulgaris in Europe:\n\nThis species has not yet become established in the USA, but it is considered to represent a potentially serious threat as a pest, an invasive species which could negatively affect agriculture, natural ecosystems, human health or commerce. Therefore, it has been suggested that this species be given top national quarantine significance in the USA.\n\nBritish authorities were also concerned as of 2014 that it may become a major pest.\n\nThe size of the adult slug is 60–140 mm. The colour ranges from yellow to black, but is most commonly brick-red, dirty orange, or brown. The tentacles are darker. Adult A. vulgaris may not differ in external appearance from Arion rufus, and so reliable identification requires dissection to examine the genitalia. In contrast, the juveniles of these species can be distinguished because only A. vulgaris has longitudinal bands. However, juveniles of other large Arion species such as Arion flagellus also have longitudinal bands.\n\nReproductive system: The atrium is small. The adjacent part of the oviduct is dilated and muscular, with the same diameter as the atrium and containing a longitudinal ligula. This distinguishes A. vulgaris from Arion ater s.l., in which the oviduct is thinner and the atrium is larger and contains the ligula. Arion flagellus also has a ligula in the dilated part of the oviduct, but the ligula does not reach as far towards the atrium as in A. vulgaris. The spermatheca is spherical, its diameter twice that of the oviduct.\n\nThe habitat of Arion vulgaris includes all agricultural ecosystems, as well as natural environments such as river and lake margins, forest edges, forests in valleys or meadows. In Switzerland it has been found up to 1700 m altitude.\n\nIt is a serious agricultural and horticultural pest in large parts of Europe, eating a cosmopolitan range of growing plant parts as well as decaying vegetation. Opportunistically it eats carrion, including squashed conspecifics. It is active mostly during the night and in wet weather during the day. Densities can reach 50 individuals per m2 or locally even higher.\n\nWhilst a slug can crawl several metres within a night, long-distance dispersal is believed to be on vegetables, on horticultural seedlings, and on plant debris disposed of as waste.\n\nThe species has an annual life cycle with mating starting in July and eggs first laid some weeks later in late summer. Clutches are laid on the soil surface or in crevices up to 10 cm underground, with an average clutch size of about 70 eggs; an adult slug typically lays about 400 eggs in its lifetime. The eggs hatch from autumn to spring. Neither eggs nor slugs can survive temperatures below ―3 °C, so overwinter survival depends on hiding under shelters. Adults normally die off in autumn before winter frosts.\n\nArion vulgaris is considered among the 100 worst alien species in Europe in DAISIE European Invasive Alien Species Gateway, and this is the only land gastropod among them. Arion vulgaris is the worst slug pest in Europe and it has an  important economic, ecological, and social impact.\n\nThe local name of the slug in the regions it has invaded is typically a translation of \"Spanish slug\". In recent years, as its dominance has increased, it has been nicknamed \"killer slug\", perhaps due to its tendency to eat dead or weaker individuals of the species, although its destructive impact on gardens may seem just as appropriate a reason for the name.\n\nLike other pulmonate snails and slugs, it is a hermaphrodite and this species has the capacity to self-fertilize, so that one single slug can start an infestation. Long-distance transport of produce and garden plants has been assumed to be a common means of its rapid dispersal.\n\nBesides causing economic damage, the arrival of A. vulgaris has often been associated with the disappearance within a few years of the similarly sized congener Arion ater s.l., at least in synanthropic habitats. While the two species coexist they may mate with each other and produce fertile offspring. Hybrids are often identifiable by their intermediate genital anatomy. It has been proposed that in Scandinavia crossing of A. vulgaris and the indigenous A. ater ater might have produced a more frost-resistant variety. However, genetic investigations have not shown that introgression of A. ater genes into A. vulgaris persist for long once the native species has disappeared. In the Swiss Alps, Arion ater rufus persists only at high elevations, and hybrids with A. vulgaris occur in a contact zone along the altitudinal gradient.\n\nGiven the densities that A. vulgaris can attain, other ecological effects of its invasion on the native flora and fauna are to be expected. For instance, the seeds that it consumes are less likely to survive to germinate than with other gastropods with which it was compared.  In Sweden complete defoliation of native shrubs in natural woodland has been reported."
    },{
      "name":["Ailuronyx trachygaster"],
      "introduction":"\n\nThe giant bronze gecko (Ailuronyx trachygaster) is a species of lizard in the family Gekkonidae endemic to Seychelles.\n\nIts natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.\nIt is threatened by habitat loss.",
      "sections":"The Giant Bronze Gecko (Ailuronyx trachygaster) is a species intricately linked to the Lodoicea maldivica with a continuous canopy. Its habitat preference is exclusive to this environment, covering an estimated area of no more than about 4 km^2 on Praslin, Seychelles. Unlike other habitat types, this gecko has not been observed in areas with individual Coco de Mer palms or isolated stands of these trees. The species exhibits a preference for the upper canopy of mature Coco de Mer forest, where it dominates inflorescences, a crucial source of pollen, and a key food source for the gecko.\n\nThe Giant Bronze Gecko possesses an extremely limited habitat range primarily dependent on intact Coco de Mer forest. Any degradation of this habitat, such as the spread of invasive species or poaching of Coco de Mer nuts, could pose a long-term threat to the species. The collection of Coco de Mer nuts may indirectly impact the gecko by inhibiting the regeneration of palm trees, vital to its habitat.\n\nPotential threats to the habitat include fire, habitat degradation, fragmentation, and climate change. A single major fire could have devastating consequences for the Vallée de Mai, a significant location for the species. Climate change impacts, particularly longer periods of drought projected for the Seychelles, may also severely affect the palm forest and, consequently, the gecko's habitat.\n\nRecent surges in commercial interest in the Giant Bronze Gecko within the international pet trade have raised concerns due to the species' small population size. Additionally, the expansion of invasive Yellow Crazy Ants (Anoplolepis gracilipes) poses a direct threat. These ants negatively impact the abundance and species richness of arboreal molluscs and geckos in the native palm forest."
    },{
      "name":["Lonicera maackii"],
      "introduction":"\n\nLonicera maackii, the Amur honeysuckle, is a species of honeysuckle in the family Caprifoliaceae that is native to temperate eastern Asia; specifically in northern and western China south to Yunnan, Mongolia, Primorsky Krai in southeastern Siberia, Korea, and, albeit rare there, central and northern Honshū, Japan.\n\nLonicera maackii is a listed endangered species in Japan. It has escaped from cultivation and naturalized in New Zealand and the eastern United States; in the woodlands of the U.S. it is a significant invasive species.",
      "sections":"The plant is a large, deciduous shrub that grows a maximum of 6 metres (20 ft) tall with stems of a maximum of 10 centimetres (4 in) in diameter. The leaves are oppositely arranged, 5–9 centimetres (2–3+1⁄2 in) long and 2–4 centimetres (3⁄4–1+5⁄8 in) broad, with an entire margin, and with at least some rough pubescence.\n\nThe flowers are produced in pairs; they are 2 centimetres (3⁄4 in) long, have two lips, begin white and later turn yellow or pale orange in color; they bloom from middle of spring to early summer. The fruit is a bright red to black, semi-translucent berry, 2–6 millimetres (5⁄64–15⁄64 in) in diameter, that contains numerous small seeds.\n\nThe species name \"maackii\" is derived from Richard Maack, a Russian naturalist of the 19th century. Its common name \"Amur honeysuckle\" is from its native range surrounding the Amur River, which demarcates the border between Siberia and Manchuria.\n\nAmur honeysuckle is cultivated as an ornamental plant for its attractive flowers and as a hedge. Many cultivars have been selected for horticulture, including \"Erubescens\" with pink flowers and \"Rem Red\" with an erect form.\nThe plant is adaptable and flourishes in a wide range of conditions. In the United States, it was planted to control erosion and to form hedges. It readily self-propagates via birds dispersing its seeds, and quickly spreads into habitats for which it has no community connectivity.\n\nIt grows rapidly and prefers shady habitats such as woodland understories, neglected urban areas, and fence rows. It can form very dense thickets.\n\nThe flowers are sometimes savored by children, who remove blossoms and pull off their bottoms so as to suck out the sweet nectar in the centers. The berries, on the other hand, are mildly poisonous to humans and therefore should not be consumed.\n\nBecause of the invasive nature of this species, regardless of whether it is banned locally, it is imprudent to cultivate Amur honeysuckle in climates similar to those where the species has invaded, e.g. eastern North America.\n\nPossible alternative shrubs that are also fast growing, shade tolerant, and deciduous, but not invasive in eastern US include:\n\nCalycanthus floridus\nCornus sericea\nHydrangea species\n\nViburnum cassinoides\nViburnum dentatum\n\nViburnum prunifolium\nViburnum trilobum\n\nMore native shrubs for use the Midwestern United States are listed in the pamphlet Curse of the Bush Honeysuckles!.\n\nL. maackii produces various secondary metabolites to deter insect herbivory. Cipollini et al. found seasonal variation in the levels of chlorogenic acid, apigenin, apigenin-7-glucoside, luteolin and luteolin-7-glucoside, and confirm their deterrent effect.\n\nBirds and mammals consume and disperse seeds. Biotic transmission vectors include species: American robin (Turdus migratorius), hermit thrush (Catharus guttatus) and European starling (Sturnus vulgaris) and white-tailed deer (Odocoileus virginianus).\nBecause of its well-documented invasiveness, propagation of this plant is illegal or controlled in some of the United States, where it is an alien species. The species is named \"invasive, banned\" in Connecticut, \"prohibited\" in Massachusetts, as an invasive species in Tennessee, as an invasive species in Ohio, as a \"Class B noxious weed\" in Vermont, and as an invasive species in Wisconsin.\n\nIt has been suggested that plants growing outside their native range, in eastern Asia, should be removed and replaced by non-invasive alternatives.\n\nIn the understories of deciduous woodlands of the eastern United States it forms dense thickets, the shade of whose canopies prevent the growth of native shrubs, juvenile trees, and wild flowers. Uncontrolled, these growths result in almost monocultural thickets of Amur honeysuckle. The species gravely jeopardizes not only the diversity of the invaded ecosystems but even the regeneration of woodlands, because it reduces the growth and diversity of native seedlings. Additional studies indicate that it negatively affects birds and tadpoles. However, other studies have shown a mixture of positive and negative effects on birds, depending on species (McNeish and McEwan, 2016). Effects on invertebrate diversity can also be negative or positive, depending on the taxonomic group (Loomis and Cameron, 2014).\n\nEven if L. maackii shrubs are removed, the affected habitat may not recover absent substantial restoration effort.\n\nThe relationship between white-tailed deer and L. maackii is complex, with deer playing a significant role in consuming the berries, dispersing the seeds, and browsing the foliage; the presence of L. maackii may prevent deer from browsing understory vegetation, which can be desirable if a native understory is present, but undesirable if other invasive species dominate the understory. A study conducted in the vicinity of St. Louis, Missouri in 2010 indicated that the plant increases the risk of tick-borne diseases such as Erlichiosis and Lyme disease in suburban natural areas by attracting deer and consequently increasing the presence of infected ticks. Furthermore, experimental removal of the plant was shown to reduce deer activity and the number of infected ticks by shifting ticks' blood meals from deer.\n\nThe species is controlled by cutting, flaming, or burning the plant to the level of its roots and repetition of this in two-week increments until the nutrient reserves in the roots are depleted and unable to produce any new growths. To ensure eradication, herbicide may be applied to freshly cut stumps. Control by prescribed burning has been found to be most effective during the phase of seed dispersal in late summer and early autumn.\n\nIt can also be controlled by annual applications of glyphosate that thoroughly saturate the foliage, or by grubbing the shallowly rooted juvenile plants, but these two methods increase labor cost and disrupt the soil. Uprooting by hand or with tools can be effective for small individuals, though it becomes difficult or impractical for larger ones.\n\nThis species has been found to be a host for the leaf-mining moth Phyllonorycter emberizaepenella in North America. In its native range, Lonicera maackii is a host plant for the following butterflies: Limenitis camilla, Limenitis helmanni, and Limenitis amphyssa."
    },{
      "name":["Pterois"],
      "introduction":"\n\nPterois is a genus of venomous marine fish, commonly known as lionfish, native to the Indo-Pacific. It is characterized by conspicuous warning coloration with red or black bands, and ostentatious dorsal fins tipped with venomous spines. Pterois radiata, Pterois volitans, and Pterois miles are the most commonly studied species in the genus. Pterois species are popular aquarium fish. P. volitans and P. miles are recent and significant invasive species in the west Atlantic, Caribbean Sea and Mediterranean Sea.",
      "sections":"Pterois was described as a genus in 1817 by German naturalist, botanist, biologist, and ornithologist Lorenz Oken. In 1856 the French naturalist Eugène Anselme Sébastien Léon Desmarest designated Scorpaena volitans, which had been named by Bloch in 1787 and which was the same as Linnaeus's 1758 Gasterosteus volitans, as the type species of the genus. This genus is classified within the tribe Pteroini of the subfamily Scorpaeninae within the family Scorpaenidae. The genus name Pterois is based on Georges Cuvier's 1816 French name, “Les Pterois”, meaning \"fins\" which is an allusion to the high dorsal and long pectoral fins.\n\nCurrently, 12 recognized species are in this genus:\n\nMolecular studies and morphological data have indicated that P. lunulata is a junior synonym of P. russelii, and that P. volitans may be a hybrid between P. miles and P. russelii sensu lato.\n\nAccording to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, \"lionfish have distinctive brown or maroon, and white stripes or bands covering the head and body. They have fleshy tentacles above their eyes and below the mouth; fan-like pectoral fins; long, separated dorsal spines; 13 dorsal spines; 10-11 dorsal soft rays; 3 anal spines; and 6-7 anal soft rays. An adult lionfish can grow as large as 18 inches.\"\n\nJuvenile lionfish have a unique tentacle located above their eye sockets that varies in phenotype between species. The evolution of this tentacle is suggested to serve to continually attract new prey; studies also suggest it plays a role in sexual selection.\n\nPterois species can live from 5 to 15 years and have complex courtship and mating behaviors. Females frequently release two mucus-filled egg clusters, which can contain as many as 15,000 eggs. In total, they can lay up about 2 million eggs per year.\n\nAll species are aposematic; they have conspicuous coloration with boldly contrasting stripes and wide fans of projecting spines, advertising their ability to defend themselves.\n\nPterois prey mostly on small fish, invertebrates, and mollusks, with up to six different species of prey found in the gastrointestinal tracts of some specimens. Lionfish feed most actively in the morning. Lionfish are skilled hunters, using specialized swim bladder muscles to provide precise control of their location in the water column, allowing them to alter their center of gravity to better attack prey. They blow jets of water while approaching prey, which serves to confuse them and alter the orientation of the prey so that the smaller fish is facing the lionfish. This results in a higher degree of predatory efficiency as head-first capture is easier for the lionfish. The lionfish then spreads its large pectoral fins and swallows its prey in a single motion.\n\nAside from instances of larger lionfish individuals engaging in cannibalism on smaller individuals, adult lionfish have no known natural predators, likely due to the effectiveness of their venomous spines: when threatened, a lionfish will orient its body to keep its dorsal fin pointed at the predator, even if this means swimming upsidedown. This does not always save it, however: Moray eels, bluespotted cornetfish, barracuda and large groupers have been observed preying on lionfish. Sharks are also believed to be capable of preying on lionfish with no ill effects from their spines. Park officials of the Roatan Marine Park in Honduras have attempted to train sharks to feed on lionfish to control the invasive populations in the Caribbean. The Bobbit worm, an ambush predator, has been filmed preying upon lionfish in Indonesia. Predators of larvae and juvenile lionfish remain unknown, but may prove to be the primary limiting factor of lionfish populations in their native range.\n\nParasites of lionfish have rarely been observed, and are assumed to be infrequent. They include isopods and leeches.\n\nLionfish are known for their venomous fin rays, which makes them hazardous to other marine animals, as well as humans. Pterois venom produced negative inotropic and chronotropic effects when tested in both frog and clam hearts and has a depressive effect on rabbit blood pressure. These results are thought to be due to nitric oxide release. In humans, Pterois venom can cause systemic effects such as pain, nausea, vomiting, fever, headache, numbness, paresthesia, diarrhea, sweating, temporary paralysis of the limbs, respiratory insufficiency, heart failure, convulsions, and even death. Fatalities are more common in very young children, the elderly, or those who are allergic to the venom. The venom is rarely fatal to healthy adults, but some species have enough venom to produce extreme discomfort for a period of several days. Moreover, Pterois venom poses a danger to allergic victims as they may experience anaphylaxis, a serious and often life-threatening condition that requires immediate emergency medical treatment. Severe allergic reactions to Pterois venom include chest pain, severe breathing difficulties, a drop in blood pressure, swelling of the tongue, sweating, or slurred speech. Such reactions can be fatal if not treated.\n\nLionfish are edible if prepared correctly.\n\nThe lionfish is native to the Indian Ocean and Western Pacific Ocean. They can be found around the seaward edge of shallow coral reefs, lagoons, rocky substrates, and on mesophotic reefs, and can live in areas of varying salinity, temperature, and depth. They are also frequently found in turbid inshore areas and harbors, and have a generally hostile attitude and are territorial toward other reef fish. They are commonly found from shallow waters down to past 100 m (330 ft) depth, and have in several locations been recorded to 300 m depth. Many universities in the Indo-Pacific have documented reports of Pterois aggression toward divers and researchers. P. volitans and P. miles are native to subtropical and tropical regions from southern Japan and southern Korea to the east coast of Australia, Indonesia, Micronesia, French Polynesia, and the South Pacific Ocean. P. miles is also found in the Indian Ocean, from Sumatra to Sri Lanka and the Red Sea.\n\nTwo of the 12 species of Pterois, the red lionfish (P. volitans) and the common lionfish (P. miles), have established themselves as significant invasive species off the East Coast of the United States and in the Caribbean. About 93% of the invasive population in the Western Atlantic is P. volitans.\n\nThe red lionfish is found off the East Coast and Gulf Coast of the United States and in the Caribbean Sea, and was likely first introduced off the Florida coast by the early to mid-1980s. This introduction may have occurred in 1992 when Hurricane Andrew destroyed an aquarium in southern Florida, releasing six lionfish into Biscayne Bay. A lionfish was discovered off the coast of Dania Beach, south Florida, as early as 1985, before Hurricane Andrew. The lionfish resemble those of the Philippines, implicating the aquarium trade, suggesting individuals may have been purposely discarded by dissatisfied aquarium enthusiasts. This is in part because lionfish require an experienced aquarist, but are often sold to novices who find their care too difficult. In 2001, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) documented several sightings of lionfish off the coast of Florida, Georgia, South Carolina, North Carolina, Bermuda, and Delaware. In August 2014, when the Gulf Stream was discharging into the mouth of the Delaware Bay, two lionfish were caught by a surf fisherman off the ocean side shore of Cape Henlopen State Park: a red lionfish that weighed 1 pound 4+1⁄2 ounces (580 g) and a common lionfish that weighed 1 pound 2 ounces (510 g). Three days later, a 1-pound-3-ounce (540 g) red lionfish was caught off the shore of Broadkill Beach which is in the Delaware Bay approximately 15 miles (24 km) north of Cape Henlopen State Park. Lionfish were first detected in the Bahamas in 2004. In June 2013 lionfish were discovered as far east as Barbados, and as far south as the Los Roques Archipelago and many Venezuelan continental beaches. Lionfish were first sighted in Brazilian waters in late 2014. Genetic testing on a single captured individual revealed that it was related to the populations found in the Caribbean, suggesting larval dispersal rather than an intentional release.[citation needed]\n\nAdult lionfish specimens are now found along the United States East Coast from Cape Hatteras, North Carolina, to Florida, and along the Gulf Coast to Texas. They are also found off Bermuda, the Bahamas, and throughout the Caribbean, including the Turks and Caicos, Haiti, Cuba, the Dominican Republic, the Cayman Islands, Aruba, Curacao, Trinidad and Tobago, Bonaire, Puerto Rico, St. Croix, Belize, Honduras, Colombia and Mexico. Population densities continue to increase in the invaded areas, resulting in a population boom of up to 700% in some areas between 2004 and 2008.\n\nPterois species are known for devouring many other aquarium fishes, unusual in that they are among the few fish species to successfully establish populations in open marine systems.\n\nPelagic larval dispersion is assumed to occur through oceanic currents, including the Gulf Stream and the Caribbean Current. Ballast water can also contribute to the dispersal.\n\nExtreme temperatures present geographical constraints in the distribution of aquatic species, indicating temperature tolerance plays a role in the lionfish's survival, reproduction, and range of distribution. The abrupt differences in water temperatures north and south of Cape Hatteras directly correlate with the abundance and distribution of Pterois. Pterois expanded along the southeastern coast of the United States and occupied thermal-appropriate zones within 10 years, and the shoreward expansion of this thermally appropriate habitat is expected in coming decades as winter water temperatures warm in response to anthropogenic climate change. Although the timeline of observations points to the east coast of Florida as the initial source of the western Atlantic invasion, the relationship of the United States East Coast and Bahamian lionfish invasion is uncertain. Lionfish can tolerate a minimum salinity of 5 ppt (0.5%) and even withstand pulses of fresh water, which means they can also be found in estuaries of freshwater rivers.\n\nThe lionfish invasion is considered to be one of the most serious recent threats to Caribbean and Florida coral reef ecosystems. To help address the pervasive problem, in 2015, the NOAA partnered with the Gulf and Caribbean Fisheries Institute to set up a lionfish portal to provide scientifically accurate information on the invasion and its impacts. The lionfish web portal is aimed at all those involved and affected, including coastal managers, educators, and the public, and the portal was designed as a source of training videos, fact sheets, examples of management plans, and guidelines for monitoring. The web portal draws on the expertise of NOAA's own scientists, as well as that of other scientists and policy makers from academia or NGOs, and managers.[citation needed]\n\nLionfish have also established themselves in parts of the Mediterranean - with records down to 110 m depth. Lionfish have been found in Maltese waters and waters of other Mediterranean countires, as well as Croatia. Warming sea temperatures may be allowing lionfish to further expand their range in the Mediterranean.\n\nLionfish have successfully pioneered the coastal waters of the Atlantic in less than a decade, and pose a major threat to reef ecological systems in these areas. A study comparing their abundance from Florida to North Carolina with several species of groupers found they were second only to the native scamp grouper and equally abundant to the graysby, gag, and rock hind. This could be due to a surplus of resource availability resulting from the overfishing of lionfish predators like grouper. Although the lionfish has not expanded to a population size currently causing major ecological problems, their invasion in the United States coastal waters could lead to serious problems in the future. One likely ecological impact caused by Pterois could be their impact on prey population numbers by directly affecting food web relationships. This could ultimately lead to reef deterioration and could negatively influence Atlantic trophic cascade. Lionfish have already been shown to overpopulate reef areas and display aggressive tendencies, forcing native species to move to waters where conditions might be less than favorable.\n\nLionfish could be reducing Atlantic reef diversity by up to 80%. In July 2011, lionfish were reported for the first time in the Flower Garden Banks National Marine Sanctuary off the coast of Louisiana. Sanctuary officials said they believe the species will be a permanent fixture, but hope to monitor and possibly limit their presence.[citation needed]\n\nSince lionfish thrive so well in the Atlantic and the Caribbean due to nutrient-rich waters and lack of predators, the species has spread tremendously. A single lionfish, located on a reef, reduced young juvenile reef fish populations by 79%.\n\nRed lionfish are an invasive species, yet relatively little is known about them. NOAA research foci include investigating biotechnical solutions for control of the population, and understanding how the larvae are dispersed. Another important area of study is what controls the population in its native area. Researchers hope to discover what moderates lionfish populations in the Indo-Pacific and apply this information to control the invasive populations, without introducing additional invasive species.[citation needed]\n\nTwo new trap designs have been introduced to help with deep-water control of the lionfish. The traps are low and vertical and remain open the entire time of deployment. The vertical relief of the trap attracts lionfish, which makes catching them easier. These new traps are good for catching lionfish without affecting the native species that are ecologically, recreationally, and commercially important to the surrounding areas. These traps are more beneficial than older traps because they limit the potential of catching noninvasive creatures, they have bait that is only appealing to lionfish, they guarantee a catch, and they are easy to transport.\n\nRemotely Operated Vehicles (ROVs) are being developed to help hunt the lionfish. The Reefsweeper ROV uses a harpoon gun to snag its target. The vehicle is able to hunt fish that may not otherwise be obtainable through human intervention alone. \n\nRigorous and repeated removal of lionfish from invaded waters could potentially control the exponential expansion of the lionfish in invaded waters. A 2010 study showed effective maintenance would require the monthly harvest of at least 27% of the adult population. Because lionfish are able to reproduce monthly, this effort must be maintained throughout the entire year.\n\nTo accomplish even these numbers seems unlikely, but as populations of lionfish continue to grow throughout the Caribbean and Western Atlantic, actions are being taken to attempt to control the quickly growing numbers. In November 2010, for the first time the Florida Keys National Marine Sanctuary began licensing divers to kill lionfish inside the sanctuary in an attempt to eradicate the fish.\n\nConservation groups and community organizations in the Eastern United States have organized hunting expeditions for Pterois such as the Environment Education Foundation's 'lionfish derby' held annually in Florida. Divemasters from Cozumel to the Honduran Bay Islands and at Reef Conservation International which operates in the Sapodilla Cayes Marine Reserve off Punta Gorda, Belize, now routinely spear them during dives.[citation needed] While diver culling removes lionfish from shallow reefs reducing their densities, lionfish have widely been reported on mesophotic coral ecosystems (reefs from 30 to 150 m) in the western Atlantic and even in deep-sea habitats (greater than 200 m depth). Recent studies have suggested that the effects of culling are likely to be depth-specific, and so have limited impacts on these deeper reef populations. Therefore, other approaches such as trapping are advocated for removing lionfish from deeper reef habitats.\n\nLong-term culling has also been recorded to cause behavior changes in lionfish populations. For example, in the Bahamas, lionfish on heavily culled reefs have become more wary of divers and hide more within the reef structure during the day when culling occurs. Similar lionfish responses to divers have been observed when comparing culled sites and sites without culling in Honduras, including altered lionfish behaviour on reefs too deep for regular culling, but adjacent to heavily culled sites potentially implying movement of individuals between depths.\n\nWhile culling by marine protection agencies and volunteer divers is an important element of control efforts, development of market-based approaches, which create commercial incentives for removals, has been seen as a means to sustain control efforts. The foremost of these market approaches is the promotion of lionfish as a food item. Another is the use of lionfish spines, fins, and tails for jewelry and other decorative items. Lionfish jewelry production initiatives are underway in Belize, the Bahamas, St. Vincent, and the Grenadines.\n\nIn 2014 at Jardines de la Reina National Marine Park in Cuba, a diver experimented with spearing and feeding lionfish to sharks in an effort to teach them to seek out the fish as prey. By 2016, Cuba was finding it more effective to fish for lionfish as food.\n\nIn 2010, NOAA (which also encourages people to report lionfish sightings, to help track lionfish population dispersal) began a campaign to encourage the consumption of the fish. The \"Lionfish as Food\" campaign encourages human hunting of the fish as the only form of control known to date. Increasing the catch of lionfish could not only help maintain a reasonable population density, but also provide an alternative fishing source to overfished populations, such as grouper and snapper. The taste is described as \"buttery and tender\". To promote the campaign, the Roman Catholic Church in Colombia agreed to have their clergy's sermons suggest to their parishioners (84% of the population) eating lionfish on Fridays, Lent, and Easter, which proved highly successful in decreasing the invasive fish problem.\n\nWhen properly filleted, the naturally venomous fish is safe to eat. Some concern exists about the risk of ciguatera food poisoning (CFP) from the consumption of lionfish, and the FDA included lionfish on the list of species at risk for CFP when lionfish are harvested in some areas tested positive for ciguatera. No cases of CFP from the consumption of lionfish have been verified, and published research has found that the toxins in lionfish venom may be causing false positives in tests for the presence of ciguatera. The Reef Environmental Education Foundation provides advice to restaurant chefs on how they can incorporate the fish into their menus. The NOAA calls the lionfish a \"delicious, delicately flavored fish\" similar in texture to grouper. Cooking techniques and preparations for lionfish include deep-frying, ceviche, jerky, grilling, and sashimi.\n\nAnother initiative is centered around the production of leather from lionfish hides. It seeks to establish a production chain and market for high-quality leather produced from the hides. The goal is to control invasive lionfish populations while providing economic benefits to local fishing communities."
    },{
      "name":["Bocconia frutescens"],
      "introduction":"\n\nBocconia frutescens is a species of flowering plant in the poppy family known by many common names, including plume poppy, tree poppy, tree celandine, parrotweed, sea oxeye daisy, and John Crow bush in English, gordolobo, llorasangre, tabaquillo, palo amarillo, palo de toro and pan cimarrón in Spanish,  bois codine in French and bwa kodenn  in Haitian Kreyòl. It is native to the Americas, including Mexico, parts of Central and South America, and the West Indies. It is perhaps better known in Hawaii, where it is an introduced species and an aggressive invasive weed with rapid negative effects on local ecosystems. In other parts of the United States it is used as an ornamental plant for its \"tropical\"-looking foliage.",
      "sections":"This relative of the poppy is a shrub growing up to 6 metres tall. It yields a bitter yellow or orange latex sap. The leaves are up to 45 cm  long by 20 wide and the blades are divided into deep lobes. There are many leaves toward the ends of the branches. The inflorescence is a branching panicle up to 60 centimeters long. The purple-green flower lacks petals but has sepals each up to a centimetre long. The anthers dangle from the flower center by their filaments. The fruit is a capsule about 1.2 cm long containing yellowish pulp and a single black seed half-sheathed in a bright red aril.\n\nThis plant is capable of thriving in many types of habitat. In its native range it grows in dry, moist, and wet forests on many soil types. It is known from cloud forests and several types of disturbed and degraded habitat. It is not, however, tolerant of dense shade.\n\nThe seeds of the plant are generally dispersed by birds, which are attracted to the pulpy fruits. In Hawaii, the Japanese white-eye (Zosterops japonicus) is a common visitor to the plant. In its native range it is also an important plant for various birds.\n\nThere are a number of human uses for this species, such as its use for ornamental purposes. It also has a variety of medicinal uses. In Mexico it has been used to treat skin conditions and respiratory tract infections. A laboratory study confirmed that extracts of the plant had antimicrobial action against the human pathogens Escherichia coli, Staphylococcus aureus, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa, as well as Bacillus subtilis. If the leaf is heated and applied to a wound it is said to provide pain relief. The plant can also be used as a dye.\n\nThis plant grows quickly and is a prolific producer of seeds. It was introduced to Hawaii as a garden plant around 1920, and it promptly spread to the surrounding forests and other wild habitat. It is a problem on two of the Hawaiian islands, Hawaii and Maui. At one spot on Hawaii it moved from the local landscaping and soon covered over 3500 acres of abandoned agricultural fields. It is a common weed of other crop fields nearby. It easily invades eucalyptus plantations and areas of forest already dominated by non-native trees and shrubs. It is a weed of roadsides, vacant lots, and residential areas. It is tolerant of Hawaii's lava soils. On Maui it has been observed at elevations near 5800 feet. It is one of the noxious plants posing a threat to the native and rare flora of Kanaio Natural Area Reserve. The plant is thick and bushy, producing multiple stems at times and spreading densely to produce \"carpets\" that shade out smaller plants. Native species negatively affected include Melicope adscendens, Alectryon macrococcus, Bonamia menziesii, Cenchrus agrimonioides, Flueggea neowawraea, Melicope knudsenii, Santalum freycinetianum var. lanaiense, and Nothocestrum latifolium, a host plant of the federally endangered Blackburn’s sphinx moth (Manduca blackburni).\n\nHerbicides are a commonly recommended method of control for this species, particularly triclopyr. Small seedlings can be pulled by hand; larger seedlings root firmly and break if pulled, resprouting soon after. Effective control is difficult because of the plant's ability to sprout back up after being cleared off the land. Heavy machinery should be cleaned after digging in infested areas to prevent the transfer of seeds. Aerial monitoring of vulnerable areas is also recommended."
    },{
      "name":["Sixalix atropurpurea"],
      "introduction":"\n\nScabiosa atropurpurea (syn. Sixalix atropurpurea), the mourningbride, mournful widow, pincushion flower, or sweet scabious, is an ornamental plant of the genus Scabiosa in the family Caprifoliaceae. It is native to southern Europe.",
      "sections":"The following subtaxa are accepted:\n\nScabiosa atropurpurea has cauline leaves that are pinnately dissected, plants have red to purple flowers. It is native to southern Europe. It propagates by seeds which are dispersed by animals.\n\nIt prefers cooler climates; high temperatures and humidity negatively impact its growth. Scabiosa atropurpurea grows best in rich, alkaline soils high in organic matter with good drainage. It makes a good cut flower.   \nScabiosa atropurpurea 'Beaujolais Bonnets' is a cultivar grown for its long blooming period and burgundy flowers.\n\nIt has become an invasive species outside of its native range, including the US state of California where it has invaded grasslands. It ranks as one of South Australia's most commonly recorded weeds.\n\n\n\nThis Dipsacales article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."
    },{
      "name":["Cephalopholis argus"],
      "introduction":"\n\nCephalopholis argus, the peacock hind, roi, bluespotted grouper, and celestial grouper, is a species of marine ray-finned fish, a member of the subfamily Epinephelinae, the groupers, and part of the family Serranidae, which also includes the anthias and sea basses. They come from the Indo-Pacific which is variously a commercial gamefish, an invasive species, and occasionally an aquarium resident. Its species name comes from its resemblance to the \"hundred staring eyes\" of the monster Argus who had a hundred eyes and was the shepherd of the goddess Hera in Greek mythology.",
      "sections":"This is a medium-sized fish that can reach a length of 60 centimeters (24 in). Small individuals are dark brown with hundreds of small, dark-edged iridescent blue spots. Larger specimens sometimes develop four to six lighter vertical bars on the back half of its body.\n\nThe species is extremely widely distributed, occurring in warm waters from the Red Sea to South Africa and east to French Polynesia and the Pitcairn group. It is also present in northern Australia, Lord Howe Island, and Japan, and has been introduced to the Hawaiian Islands. It makes use of a variety of habitats but prefers the exposed fronts of reefs, at depths of up to 40 m.\n\nHunting, they lie on the bottom and surge forward, preferring juvenile surgeonfish and crustaceans. Alternatively they may hover motionless in the water column before attacking.\n\nThis grouper may follow and cooperate with another predator species, such as an octopus or eel or camouflage themselves in a school of surgeonfish. Multiple individuals may cooperate to harass an eel to get it to flush prey for them.\n\nIn the Red Sea, they hunt in the morning and evening.\n\nThe species typically sit on a coral head, retreating when startled.\n\nRed Sea males defend harems of  2–6 females in territories ranging up to .5 acres (0.20 ha). Each female defends part of the territory from the other females. The male visits each female daily, raising his dorsal fin to signal his approach. The females emerges from hiding, erecting her own dorsal fin and changing to a lighter color. They swim together, rubbing flanks before he departs until the next day.\n\nTerritorial disputes may involve \"color fights\" in which two males positioning themselves at right angles to each other. They then darken their color and repeatedly switch their bars from dark to light. The loser becomes pale and retreats. If the color fight ends in a draw, the two males may attack each other.\n\nIn Micronesia, spawning usually occurs territorially at dusk. During courtship, both sexes darken except for a white keyhole-shaped patch at the center of the body.\n\nCephalopholis argus is a hardy aquarium fish for those who have a large marine aquarium. Its large size combined with its aggressive nature means it is best housed either alone or with other large aggressive fish such as lionfish, and moray eels. As a predator it will eat any smaller aquarium inhabitants such as damselfish.\n\nKnown in Hawaii as roi, the state introduced the species in the 1950s to enhance local fisheries. Hawaii's Division of Aquatic Resources (DAR) finds that roi have become the reefs' dominant predator. The Roi population there has increased 15 fold since the 1980s. From 1999 to 2005 there was a 23% increase in their population. Their biomass is now greater than that of all other reef fish predators combined.\n\nThese predators threaten native reef fish such as parrotfish and goatfish. A University of Hawaii study estimated that in a three-square-mile area off the Kona Coast of Hawaii Island, Roi eat 90 tonnes (89 long tons; 99 short tons) of reef fish annually— equivalent to 8.2 million fish.\n\nPrized as delicious eating in other Pacific regions, in Hawaii's waters roi may contain the ciguatera toxin, which builds up in humans and causes serious illness. A study published in 2007 found that 18% of Roi sampled from Oahu and Hawaii islands had toxins above levels safe for consumption.  Due to high variability of toxin levels between individuals in the same area, toxicity cannot be predicted based on location. There is a weak correlation between the length of Roi and their toxicity, however, due to high variability, this is not a reliable predictor of toxicity. There is currently no commercially available testing kit. Because of the toxicity issues, Roi does not have a functional fishery, with just an average of $1000 per year in sales.\n\nAnalysis of stomach contents of Hawaiian roi found that diets consist of 97.7% fish and 2.3% crustaceans. Of the fish eaten, there were 27.1% Scaridae (Parrotfish), 18.7% Acanthuridae (Surgeonfish), 17.6% Squirrelfish, 13.7% Monacanthidae (Filefish), 9.3% Priacanthidae (Bigeyes), 4.3% Chaetodontidae (Butterflyfish), 2.8% Aulostomidae (Trumpetfishes), and 6.9% other consisting of 9 families. Roi are estimated to eat 0.8% of their body weight each day.\n\nRoi feed primarily on juvenile fish that have recruited the reef. The family of fish that make up the majority of their diet Scaridae or Parrotfish, are crucial to the coral reef ecosystem by removing algal growth on coral colonies through feeding. Parrotfish also play a large role in the production of sand. Hawaii has the highest rate of endemism of its nearshore marine fish species at 24.3%. The lack of natural predators to control Roi populations along with their high efficiency is a major threat to the unique fish fauna found in Hawaii. Ichthyologist Dr. Jack Randall describes the impact of Roi in Hawaii as greater than the impact of fishing and aquarium collection combined. Estimates of consumption on the Kona coast suggest that Roi consume 11% of the total reef fish biomass and 72% of the total number of fish.\n\nOn Maui, spearfishers participate in \"Roi Roundup\" tournaments that target these problematic fish, attempting to reduce their numbers and impact. This practice has spread to other islands, where there are similar tournaments that target roi and other invasive fish species. These events not only reduce the roi population, but also work to boost public awareness about this issue.\n\nThe species is classified as Least Concern by the IUCN. and is widespread and common throughout its range. It is exploited in commercial and recreational fisheries and for the aquarium trade."
    },{
      "name":["Acanthogobius flavimanus"],
      "introduction":"\n\nAcanthogobius flavimanus is a species of fish in the goby family known by the common name yellowfin goby. Other common names include mahaze, Japanese river goby, Oriental goby, and spotted goby. It is native to Asia, where its range includes China, Japan, Korea, parts of Russia, Vietnam, and Malaysia. It has spread beyond its native range to become an introduced, and often invasive, species. It has been recorded in Australia, Mexico, and Florida and California in the United States.",
      "sections":"This fish reaches 25–30 centimetres (9.8–11.8 in) in length. It is light brown with darker saddle-marks and spots. The ventral fins are yellow. These fins are fused to form a cup. There are two dorsal fins. The species can be identified by the arrangement of pores on its head, the spines and rays in the dorsal fins, and the scales and papillae on the head and face. The yellow ventral fins also distinguish it from other gobies. The lifespan is generally up to 3 years, but some individuals may get older.\n\nThis fish spends most of the year in rivers and streams. During the winter it descends to more saline environments, such as bays and estuaries, where it breeds. There it is a bottom-dweller, living on the muddy or sandy beds. Spawning only occurs when the temperature is between about 7 and 13 °C (45 and 55 °F). One fish may produce up to 37,000 eggs. Each egg is about 5.5 millimeters long. The eggs are deposited in a nest, which is a burrow up to 35 centimetres (14 in) deep, constructed by the male. The nest may be guarded by both male and female. In optimal conditions the eggs hatch in about 28 days.\n\nThe fish tolerates fresh and saline waters, and rapid movements between them. It can live in a wide variety of water habitat types. The adult can spend its whole life in freshwater, but the larvae generally develop in saltwater.\n\nThe diet of the goby includes many kinds of small organisms, such as copepods, amphipods, mantis shrimp, mysids, small fish, and polychaetes. It has also been known to consume fly larvae, bivalves such as the Asian clam, ostracods, and various detritus. Natural predators of the goby include yellow goosefish (Lophius litulon), ocellate spot skate (Okamejei kenojei), Japanese whiting (Sillago japonica), leopard shark (Triakis semifasciata), ashishirohaze (Acanthogobius lactipes), and suzuki (Lateolabrax japonicus).\n\nFish of this species are often found to carry heavy parasite loads. They play host to the metacercariae of flukes, including Echinostoma hortense, Heterophyes nocens, Heterophyopsis continua, Pygidiopsis summa, Strictodora fuscata, S. lari, and Acanthotrema felis. These, particularly E. hortense, pose a risk to humans. People in Korea catch and eat the yellowfin goby raw, and often become infected with flukes. The fish is also host to the copepods Acanthochondria yui and Anchistrotos kojimensis, the latter of which was first described from a yellowfin goby specimen.\n\nA. flavimanus, the largest species of goby found in estuaries of California, was first discovered in the Sacramento-San Joaquin River system of California in 1963. It had probably been introduced a few years earlier, around the same time as the chameleon goby (Tridentiger trigonocephalus). It may have arrived in ballast water or as eggs on biofouling animals such as oysters on ship hulls. Anglers using the goby as bait in the local river system may have aided its dispersal. Now it is one of the most common bottom-dwelling fish in the rivers and the Delta, as well as San Francisco Bay. There it has become an important prey item for the harbor seal (Phoca vitulina). On the other hand, it has negative effects on the local ecosystem. It may compete with native fish such as the tidewater goby (Eucyclogobius newberryi). The fish was first encountered in Southern California in 1977, when it was found in Los Angeles Harbor; it was found in San Diego a few years later.\n\nThis fish is thought to have been introduced to Australia in ballast or on imported oysters. The species has been collected from the waters of New South Wales since 1971. It is a Class 1 noxious fish in the state, its sale or possession prohibited and punishable by fines.\n\nThis species is sometimes kept in aquaria as an ornamental fish."
    },{
      "name":["Chrysanthemoides monilifera"],
      "introduction":"\n\nChrysanthemoides monilifera (L.) Norl. (1943)\n\nOsteospermum moniliferum (synonym Chrysanthemoides monilifera) is an evergreen flowering shrub or small tree in the daisy family, Asteraceae. It is native to southern Africa, ranging through South Africa and Lesotho to Mozambique and Zimbabwe.\n\nMost subspecies have woolly, dull, serrate, oval leaves, but the subspecies rotundatum has glossy round leaves. Subspecies are known as boneseed and bitou bush in Australasia, or bietou, tick berry, bosluisbessie, or weskusbietou in South Africa. The plant has become a major environmental weed and invasive species in Australia and New Zealand.",
      "sections":"Osteospermum moniliferum has five recognized subspecies:\n\nOsteospermum moniliferum was first described by Carl Linnaeus in 1753. It was given the binomial name Chrysanthemoides monilifera in 1943 by Nils Tycho Norlindh. It was one of two species in genus Chrysanthemoides, along with Chrysanthemoides incana (now Osteospermum incanum).\n\nThe species name moniliferum comes from the Latin, monile, meaning necklace or collar, referring to the shiny fruit arranged around the flowers like a necklace.\n\nIn Australia, O. m. subsp. moniliferum is known by the common name 'boneseed', while O. m. subsp. rotundatum is known by the common name 'bitou bush'. In New Zealand subspecies are not distinguished and O. moniliferum is known simply as 'boneseed'.\n\nBoneseed is a perennial, woody, upright shrub, growing to 3 m (9.8 ft), although occasionally taller. It is a member of the Asteraceae (daisy) family and has showy, bright yellow flowers in swirls of 5–8 'petals' (ray florets) up to 30 mm (1.2 in) in diameter. Fruit are berry-like, spherical at around 8 mm in diameter, and turn dark-brown to black with a bone-coloured seed inside of 6–7 mm diameter. Leaves are 2–6 cm (0.79–2.36 in) long by 1.5–5 cm (0.59–1.97 in) wide, oval tapering to the base with irregularly serrate margins.\n\nBitou bush can be distinguished from boneseed in part due to its more rounded sprawling habit to 1.5–2 m (4.9–6.6 ft), less noticeably toothy leaf margins and seeds that are egg-like rather than spherical.\n\nBoth boneseed and bitou bush hybridise readily, however, so examples of plants demonstrating a fusion of traits is possible.\n\nO. moniliferum has been shown to need pollinators in order to reproduce.\n\nOsteospermum moniliferum occurs naturally in coastal areas of South Africa, reaching into Lesotho, Zimbabwe, and southern Mozambique.  Subspecies rotundatum is concentrated along the eastern coast of South Africa from its southern tip through KwaZulu-Natal to southern Mozambique. Subspecies moniliferum is concentrated around Cape Town and the Cape Peninsula on South Africa's south western coast, where its native habitats include the Cape Flats Dune Strandveld. Subspecies canescens is native to Kwazulu-Natal, the Northern Provinces, and Free State of South Africa and to Lesotho. Subspecies septentrionale is native to Mozambique, Zimbabwe, and the Northern Provinces.\n\nIn Australia, subspecies rotundatum (bitou bush) has naturalised along the coast of Queensland and New South Wales, while subspecies moniliferum (boneseed) has naturalised along and near the coast in parts of Victoria and South Australia.\n\nIn New Zealand O. moniliferum, which is listed on the National Pest Plant Accord, is common in coastal locations throughout the North Island, and can also be found in the South Island in Nelson City, Port Hills (Christchurch) and the Otago Peninsula.\n\nIn Australia, O. moniliferum has been particularly successful in invading natural bushland. In part, this is due to the species' ability to establish on relatively nutrient-poor soils and in areas exposed to salt such as coastlines, as well as the ability of the seeds to germinate readily. Disturbances such as fire can assist O. moniliferum to spread as the plant produces a large amount of seed that can persist in the soil seed bank for 10 years or more, and this reserve in turn enables the species to quickly recolonize a burnt area.\n\nAn individual plant can produce 50,000 seeds a year, about 60% of which are viable. Once germinated, seedlings grow vigorously with dense, bushy growth. This lush growth shades out and displaces slower growing native species that might otherwise occupy the same ecological niche. Rapid, vigorous growth also means that O. moniliferum is capable of flowering and setting seed within 12–18 months, making it extremely persistent even in situations where disturbance or regular management activity is common.\n\nOnce established, the plant's shallow root system enables it to absorb moisture after light rain before the moisture reaches the roots of more deeply rooted species further limiting opportunities for slower growing species to establish and out-compete O. moniliferum over time. Furthermore, outside of Southern Africa the plant has few local, indigenous pathogens or predators to control its growth also reducing the potential for gaps to emerge that might provide opportunities for other species to reestablish. The net consequence of C. monilifera's growth characteristics is that outside of its natural ecosystem it can ultimately form large, dense, unhealthy stands of a single species with extraordinarily poor biodiversity.\n\nThe plant can extend its existing range in a variety of ways. Its fruit is attractive to birds, rabbits, other animals and even some insects such as ants, and because seeds are tough and difficult to digest they will often be dispersed in animal droppings. Seeds can also spread on vehicles and equipment, in contaminated soil, in garden waste, along water drainage lines and deliberately by human intervention.\nOsteospermum moniliferum, unlike many other weed species, is not generally considered to be a problem for agricultural productivity due to its sensitivity to trampling as well as being readily grazed by stock.\n\nOsteospermum moniliferum is potentially susceptible to a range of control strategies, but Burgman and Lindenmayer recommended that the strategy chosen be responsive to the local situation and available resources. Due to its relatively shallow root system, removal by hand is an ideal method of control. Where manual removal is impractical, many common herbicides can be used, in which case the herbicide is commonly applied directly to the wood of the plant via a cut notch, or at the end of a pruned stump. Mechanical removal of O. moniliferum by tractor or other machinery can also be effective, but that process can be extremely indiscriminate, and is only recommended in areas of poor environmental values and minimal erosion risk.\n\nAnother way of tackling an infestation is the use of controlled burns, but there are risks associated with that method. Principally, O. moniliferum has higher moisture levels than many Australian indigenous species so, for burns to be effective, a burn of higher than normal intensity is required. That can, in turn, have a detrimental impact on indigenous vegetation which has evolved in response to more frequent, lower-intensity fires. Furthermore, fire can trigger re-germination from the extensive O. moniliferum seed bank, potentially worsening the situation. However, if a program is implemented to monitor and control C. monilifera seedlings following the burn and emerging O. moniliferum seedlings are removed, burning can be extremely effective at exhausting the seed bank and minimising the chances of re-infestation.\n\nVarious methods of biological control have been attempted, particularly the introduction of insects which are natural enemies of O. moniliferum, such as the bitou tip moth (Comostolopsis germana) and bitou seed fly (Mesoclanis polana). Although they have had some success in controlling bitou bush (ssp. rotundatum) in Australia, to date they have not had similar success in combating boneseed (ssp. moniliferum).\n\nIn a study carried out by researchers at the University of New England and published in 2017, it was found that a serious error was made with the introduction of biological control agents into Australia for C. moniliferum ssp. rotundatum. Bitou seed fly (Mesoclanis polana) was introduced based on the naive belief that it is a natural enemy of O. moniliferum. After reviewing many hours of video footage of bitou bush flowers in Northern NSW, researchers at the School of Ecosystem Management found that Mesoclanis polana is actually the most frequent pollinator of O. moniliferum. Because O. moniliferum is a weed of National Significance in Australia, that oversight could potentially be devastating to Australian ecosystems. Much like the introduction of the cane toad to control the population of cane beetles, such a discovery is an important reminder about the importance of thoroughly researching biological control agents before introducing them into new ecosystems."
    },{
      "name":["Agrilus hyperici"],
      "introduction":"\n\nAgrilus hyperici, the St. John's wort root borer, is a species of jewel beetle. It is used as an agent of biological pest control against common St. John's wort (Hypericum perforatum) in areas where it is a noxious weed or invasive species.",
      "sections":"The adult beetle is narrow and elongated, reddish-brown in color and about 5 millimeters in length.\n\nThe female deposits eggs low on the stem of the St. John's wort plant in July and August. The larva emerges from the egg and makes its way to the roots where it feeds on root tissue for the following year. Often the larvae consume nearly all the roots on a plant and then pupate inside the remnants. Few plants survive attack by this species. The beetle is known to attack the similar plant goldwire (Hypericum concinnum) in California, but it does not appear to have a destructive impact on this species.\n\nThis beetle is native to Europe. Its association with Hypericum perforatum has been known for a long time and it was first introduced to the United States for the purposes of biocontrol in 1950, in California. It is now established in much of the northwestern United States, especially in mountainous areas, and in Australia."
    },{
      "name":["Vaginulus occidentalis"],
      "introduction":"\n\nclade Euthyneuraclade Panpulmonata\nclade Eupulmonata\n\nDiplosolenodes occidentalis is a species of air-breathing land slug, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Veronicellidae, the leatherleaf slugs.",
      "sections":"Diplosolenodes occidentalis was originally discovered and described by Lansdown Guilding from the West Indian island of Saint Vincent. It seems likely that this species is native to most of the Lesser Antilles.\n\nThe distribution of Diplosolenodes occidentalis includes the Lesser Antilles:\n\nIt has been introduced to the Greater Antilles, Central America and northern South America:\n\nIt occurs in greenhouses in Logan County, Oklahoma.\n\nThis species has not yet become established in the wild in the US, but it is considered to represent a potentially serious threat as a pest, an invasive species which could negatively affect agriculture, natural ecosystems, human health or commerce. Therefore, it has been suggested that this species be given top national quarantine significance in the USA.\n\nThis slug is most easily recognized by the black speckling on its mantle or hyponota. The body length can reach up to 60 mm.\n\nThis species may be found in undisturbed environments as well as in agricultural settings, where it may be regarded as a minor pest."
    },{
      "name":["Eikenella"],
      "introduction":"\n\nEikenella corrodens is a Gram-negative facultative anaerobic bacillus that can cause severe invasive disease in humans. It was first identified by M. Eiken in 1958, who called it Bacteroides corrodens. E. corrodens is a rare pericarditis associated pathogen. It is a fastidious, slow growing, human commensal bacillus, capable of acting as an opportunistic pathogen and causing abscesses in several anatomical sites, including the liver, lung, spleen, and submandibular region. E. corrodens could independently cause serious infection in both immunocompetent and immunocompromised hosts.",
      "sections":"Eikenella corrodens is a pleomorphic bacillus that sometimes appears coccobacillary and typically creates a depression (or \"pit\") in the agar on which it is growing. Only half produce the pitting of the agar considered characteristic.[citation needed] It is a slow-growing, facultative anaerobe and a gram-negative bacillus.\n\nIt grows in aerobic and anaerobic conditions, but requires an atmosphere enhanced by 3–10% carbon dioxide.[citation needed]\n\nThe colonies are small and greyish, they produce a greenish discoloration of the underlying agar, and smell faintly of bleach (hypochlorite).[citation needed]\n\nThey are oxidase-positive, catalase-negative, urease-negative, and indole-negative, and reduce nitrate to nitrite.[citation needed]\n\nIn 2006, Azakami et al  reported that the periodontal pathogen E. corrodens  has an ortholog of luxS, the gene required for quorum sensing (QS) signal molecule AI-2 synthesis and that E. corrodens  can produce AI-2 signals for cell-to-cell communication.  They additionally reported that AI-2 has a role in biofilm formation by E. corrodens. Karim et al reported that this bacterium can produce AI-2 inactivation enzyme during its stationary phase. Karim et al  also reported that LuxS-mediated QS may facilitate the maturation and detachment of biofilm formation in E. corrodens, which can lead to progression of periodontal disease.\n\nEikenella corrodens is a commensal of the human mouth and upper respiratory tract. It is an unusual cause of infection and when it is cultured, it is most usually found mixed with other organisms. Infections most commonly occur in patients with cancers of the head and neck, but can occur in human bite infections, especially \"reverse bite\", \"fight bite\", or \"clenched fist injuries\". It can also cause infections in insulin-dependent diabetics and intravenous drug users who lick their needles (\"needle-licker's osteomyelitis\"). It is one of the HACEK group of infections which are a cause of culture-negative endocarditis. In general, the HACEK organisms are responsible for approximately 3% of all cases of infective endocarditis (IE). IE due to E. corrodens is usually a result of poor oral hygiene and or periodontal infection. Manipulation of the gingival or oral mucosa for dental procedures also can predispose patients to infection since E. corrodens is a  constituent of the human oral flora. E. corrodens can coexists and is frequently detected with other pathogens including Staphylococcus and Streptococcus.\n\nEikenella corrodens infections are typically indolent (the infection does not become clinically evident until a week or more after the injury). They also mimic anaerobic infection in being extremely foul-smelling.[citation needed]\n\nEikenella corrodens was mentioned in an episode of Forensic Files, in which a hotel employee punched a woman in the mouth, knocking out two of her teeth. Her tooth bacteria caused a major infection in the man's hand.[citation needed]\n\nFor accurate diagnoses, a high degree of suspicion is required in order to properly attribute an infection to Eikenella corrodens. The identification of E. corrodens may be delayed because of its slow growth in the absence of CO2. E. corrodens can be treated with penicillins, cephalosporins, or tetracyclines, however due to the resistant nature of the bacteria ongoing and recurring symptoms can be expected despite rigorous and prolonged antibiotic treatment.  Submandibular and peritonsillar abscesses caused by E. corrodens can be treated by incision and drainage. Earlier diagnosis and proper drainage surgery with effective antibiotics treatment may improve the prognosis. First-choice drugs for E. corrodens infections should be third-generation cephems, carbapenems, or new quinolones. It is innately resistant to macrolides (e.g., erythromycin), clindamycin, and metronidazole. It is susceptible to fluoroquinolones (e.g., ciprofloxacin) in vitro, but no clinical evidence is available to advocate their use in these infections."
    },{
      "name":["Carcinus"],
      "introduction":"\n\nCarcinus aestuarii Nardo, 1847Carcinus maenas (Linnaeus, 1758)\n\nCarcinus (Greek: Καρκίνος Karkinos) is a genus of crabs, which includes Carcinus maenas, an important invasive species, and C. aestuarii, a species endemic to the Mediterranean Sea.",
      "sections":"C.  maenas is among the 100 \"world's worst alien invasive species\". It is native to the northeast Atlantic Ocean and Baltic Sea, but has colonised similar habitats in Australia, South Africa, South America, and both Atlantic and Pacific Coasts of North America. It grows to a carapace width of 90 mm (3.5 in), and feeds on a variety of molluscs, worms, and small crustaceans, potentially impacting a number of fisheries. Its successful dispersion has occurred via a variety of mechanisms, such as on ships' hulls, packing materials, bivalves moved for aquaculture, and rafting.\n\nC. maenas is known by different names around the world. In the British Isles, it is generally referred to simply as the shore crab. In North America and South Africa, it bears the name green crab or European green crab. In Australia and New Zealand, it is referred to as either the European green crab or European shore crab.\n\nC.  aestuarii is a native to the Mediterranean Sea. It is very similar to C. maenas, and is sometimes considered to be a subspecies of C. maenas rather than a species in its own right. The two taxa can be distinguished by the front of the carapace, between the eyes, which is short and toothed in C. maenas, but longer and smoother in C. aestuarii. Unlike C. maenas, C. aestuarii has only been implicated in one invasion; the coastline of Japan has been invaded by either C. aestuarii or a hybrid of C. aestuarii and C. maenas."
    },{
      "name":["Indian cassava mosaic virus"],
      "introduction":"Indian cassava mosaic virus (ICMV) is a plant pathogenic virus of the family Geminiviridae. It affects cassava (Manihot esculenta) in India and certain other countries. It is considered to be an invasive species.",
      "sections":"This virus was unknown in India before the introduction of cassava into the country by the Portuguese in the seventeenth century, nor has a similar virus been reported in the New World where cassava originated. It is possible that the virus is native to India, affecting some yet-to-be-identified plant host, with the virus later adopting cassava as its preferred host; once present in a crop, the virus can be spread from plant to plant by insects such as whitefly.\n\nThe virus was first noticed in India in 1942. Its incidence is higher in Tamil Nadu and Kerala, the states where most cassava is grown, and it is of little consequence elsewhere in the country. Depending on the cultivar and the time of year, losses in root yield can vary from negligible to 84%.\n\nIn India, the natural hosts of ICMV are Manihot esculenta and Manihot carthaginensis subsp. glaziovii. Additionally, Jatropha curcas shows mosaic symptoms similar to cassava infected by ICMV; affected leaves have been shown to react in ELISA bioassay trials to African cassava mosaic virus antiserum, but follow up with a DNA B probe has provided negative results. This mosaic disease may be a new strain of ICMV affecting J. curcas, a plant with a potential as a biofuel crop, and it may become necessary to develop virus-resistant clones.\n\nThe foliage of the plant exhibits the main symptoms which are yellow or green mosaic patterns appearing on the leaves, mottling, contortion, mis-shapen leaves, distorted growing points, stunting of the plant, rosetting, dwarfing and reduction in the root system.\n\nICMV is not transmissible by seed, so cassava seedlings are initially healthy. However the crop is mainly planted by stem cuttings and these are often infected. The main vectors involved in transferring the virus between plants are whitefly, particularly the silverleaf whitefly (Bemisia tabaci). One strain of B. tabaci in India infests cassava, eggplant and tobacco, and transmits ICMV. A second biotype infests sweet potato, cotton, eggplant, tobacco and tomato but not cassava, and this seems incapable of transmitting ICMV. The spiralling whitefly, Aleurodicus dispersus, also colonises cassava in India but whether it has a role in transferring the virus remains unclear."
    },{
      "name":["Candida tropicalis"],
      "introduction":"\n\nCandida tropicalis is a species of yeast in the genus Candida. It is a common pathogen in neutropenic hosts, in whom it may spread through the bloodstream to peripheral organs. For invasive disease, treatments include amphotericin B, echinocandins, or extended-spectrum triazole antifungals.",
      "sections":"In the history of fungi, the name of genus Candida, derived from the family Debaryomycetaceae, comes from the Latin term \"candidus\" which has the meaning of “glowing white” and also refers to as smooth and glistering. Genus Candida referred to any asexual yeast without any of the following characteristics: production of acetic acid, pigments of colours red, pink or orange, arthroconidia, unipolar or bipolar budding, enteroblastic-basipetal budding, blastoconidia formation on sympodulae, buds formation on stalks, triangular cells, needle-shaped terminal conidia, and having the ability to grow on inositol as a sole carbon source. Although there are 200 species identified in this genus, the taxonomy remains undefined and incomplete due to several reasons such as changing the words for some representations, the finding of new species and the reclassification of identified old species. This genus no longer includes species that test positive to diazonium blue B (DBB). The defunct genera Oidium and Monilia were used to represent the genus Candida.\n\nIn the genus Candida, there are other species that are similar to Candida tropicalis. Candida albicans is taxonomically close to C. tropicalis sharing many pathogenic traits whereas C. maltosa and C. sake are physiologically similar to C. tropicalis but they can be differentiated by the growth at 35 °C (only C. sake showing negative) and assimilation of soluble starch (only C. tropicalis showing positive starch assimilation).\n\nC. tropicalis is easily identified using phenotypic and molecular methods. The identification of species in the genus Candida relies on morphological and physiological features. Species in the genus are vegetative cells which reproduce asexually by budding, and the structure, shape, septation, color and arrangement of buds is useful for identification. The production and appearance of pseudohyphae and blastoconidia may also be useful for identification. Physiological profiles relating to carbon and nitrogen utilization are of value in determining species, as are the presence certain distinctive biochemical features. Increasingly, molecular genetic methods such as DNA sequencing are used as primary tools for the accurate determination of species identifications in this group.\n\nC. tropicalis is a vegetative cell with the shape from round to oval ranging from approximately 2 – 10 micrometers. A mould exhibits dimorphism forming a single-celled yeast or so-called blastoconidia which reproduces by simple budding. Conidia are the asexual units that are produced by budding of the tips or walls of the hyphae. Conidia are types of simple and unicellular bodies that could also take the form of multicellular cells with different shapes, sizes, and colors. Microconidia refer to small and unicellular conidia whereas macroconidia refer to large and multicellular conidia.\n\nThere are different media on which C. tropicalis can grow effectively. A common medium used is the Sabouraud’s agar which contains peptone and sugar. This is enough for identifying the species but with a disadvantage of promoting mycelial growth and suppressing conidia formation. Another commonly used medium is the cornmeal agar which is useful in inducing formation of conidia. Potato-glucose, potato-carrot, tomato juice, lima bean and others are also types of media used for growth. The optimal temperature for growth is between 25–35 °C (77–95 °F) and growth is enhanced if sugar or fat is added in the medium. Colonies of C. tropicalis are white, smooth and butyrous with a fringed border.\n\nC. tropicalis reproduces asexually by the production of blastoconidia through budding. As blastoconidia increase in number they may elongate in shape producing structures called the pseudohyphae. Under specific conditions of reduced oxygen level in host tissues, submerged colonies in agar medium, or in the presence of 5-10% CO2, true, septate hyphae may form.\n\nThis test is to detect yeast’s ability to produce enzyme urease. Once there's a compatible substrate, urease will split urea to produce ammonia increasing the pH. C. tropicalis is found to be urease negative.\n\nThis test uses the azo dye, diazonium blue B which differentially stains cells from species affiliated with the Division, Basidiomycota. For C. tropicalis, this test is negative.\n\nC. tropicalis diploid cells of opposite mating type can mate to form tetraploid cells. These cells may then undergo chromosome loss during long-term propagation in rich medium resulting in the eventual regeneration of diploid cells.  Such diploid cells are again mating competent thus completing a parasexual cycle.  Opaque C. tropicalis cells can also form an architecturally complex sexual biofilm.\n\nCandida species are very pervasive yeasts that are distributed worldwide geographically. They are more likely to be found in tropical climate where temperature and humidity will enhance the adaptability of C. tropicalis. They can be found in food such as sauerkraut, molasses, miso, fruit, baker’s yeast and some fruits. They are commonly found on plants and in the digestive system of mammals, especially in the gastrointestinal tract, and in the mucocutaneous membranes of humans. C. tropicalis is considered as an osmotolerant yeast; microorganisms that are able to survive in high salt concentration and able to develop fungal persistence in saline environments.\n\nThe selection of medium for sample growth is very important accounting for the pros and cons of each type of growth medium. Once decided on the medium, need to add 8 ug of fluconazole per mL to limit bacterial growth and contamination. When the medium is ready, it is optional to add supplement to help and optimize specimen growth. After the growth, features examination including shape, size, bud arrangement, cell wall thickness, temperature of growth, pseudohyphae presence, arthroconidia presence, and capsule presence are all important to take into account.\nIf the species are grown using any type of the medium mentioned, the transportation of specimens for testing should be completed in less than two hours. If there is any delay, the samples should be stored at 37 °C with the exception of contaminated specimens that need be stored in 4 °C.\n\nIn tropical countries, C. tropicalis is one of the most common colonizer and pathogen causing human disease, especially found on human skin, in the gastrointestinal tract and also in female genitourinary tract. It can be transmitted between health-care workers and patients, especially in environments such as hospitals. C. tropicalis can survive for up to 24 hours therefore be cross-transmitted to a second hand with a probability of 69% and to a third hand with 38% probability. It is the cause responsible for approximately half of the beyond-surface candida infections. C. tropicalis is the second most virulent Candida species that can significantly affect by spreading through the weakened immune system host and can occupy the gastrointestinal tract within 30 minutes of inoculation, all this resulting in increased mortality. Impact of candidiasis, infections cause by C. tropicalis, have increased globally. C. tropicalis is virulent due to its ability to produce biofilm, secrete lytic enzymes, adhere to epithelial and endothelial cells, and undergo transition of bud to hyphae.\n\nBiofilms are complex structures that are formed from the grouping of microorganisms on a local surface, either biotic or abiotic, dependent on the ability of cellular adhesion to substrates.\nFor C. tropicalis to fully enter and cause infection in the host, it needs some helpers. First, once it is attached onto the host tissues, extracellular enzymes called the proteases will be produced to facilitate the penetration of the pathogen and allow it to interfere with the host defense system. proteases will hydrolyze peptide bonds; secreted aspartic proteases (SAP) support C. tropicalis to be attached and penetrate deep into the tissues to affect the organs. phospholipases will hydrolyze phospholipid; assist to break the epithelial cell membrane structure allowing the hyphal tip to enter into the cytoplasm. Many conditions that contribute to C. tropicalis survival and colonization are: a) increase the use of antifungal regimen, b) increased number of immunocompromised patients, c) long-term use of catheters, and d) use of broad-spectrum antibiotics.\nAlthough different tests are able to use for identification of species, each of the tests will have different limitations such as sensitivity, specificity, cost and equipment availability.\n\nTypes of disease caused by C. tropicalis will vary depending on the location where the species colonizes. With an infection in the mucous membrane, subject will experience oropharyngeal candidiasis, angular cheilitis, balanoposthitis, oral thrush and vulvovaginal candidiasis. Although provided with oral cavity defenses such as epithelial cells, saliva, salivary immunoglobin (IgA), lysozyme, lactoferrin, histidine-rich polypeptide and lactoperoxidase to suppress C. tropicalis’ overgrowth, C. tropicalis is reported to secrete additional products that can preferably target onto T-cell deficient host. C. tropicalis is a normal flora which is found on the skin and nails on approximately 10% of the patients. Superficial and localized mucosal infections are mostly reported with a higher risk factor when combined with other diseases found in a patient. Patients with C. tropicalis infections are also seen with denture, HIV infection or irradiation for malignancies. 38% of AIDS patients with recurrent disease are more likely to get infected by C. tropicalis, getting oral thrush and oropharyngeal candidiasis. Only filamentous growth of C. tropicalis have the ability to invade and colonize orally in the epithelium, commonly seen in cancer patients and higher risk for someone who subsequently develops disseminated invasive disease. Candiduria is referred to as urinary tract infections caused by C. tropicalis which are often presented as nosocomial infections. Although up to 2% of patients are asymptomatic, those with diabetes mellitus and with leukemia are more likely to be infected.\n\nIf an infection involves interdigital candidiasis, paronychia and diaper rash, subject is likely to have cutaneous candidiasis. Otherwise, if an infection involves body fluid and internal organs damages, subject will experience pulmonary candidiasis, invasive and disseminated candidiasis, gastrointestinal candidiasis and candidemia. C. tropicalis colonization is favoured in the gastrointestinal tract; a common risk factor for individuals that are susceptible for invasive candidiasis development. Candidemia is a worldwide bloodstream disease mainly affecting peripheral organs in humans. Usually, candidemia caused by C. tropicalis are associated with cancer patients that have either leukemia or neutropenia. According to the data obtained from 2010, frequency of candidemia is 12-25% in the US, 4.5-9% in Europe, 20-24% in Brazil and 20-60% in South Asia. C. tropicalis can cause nosocomial fungal bloodstream infections along with C. glabrata and C. parapsilosis. Mortality rate of invasive and disseminated infections caused by C. tropicalis is high, ranging from 40% to 70%. Risk factors that contribute to the high rate are leukemia, anti-neoplastic chemotherapy, previous neutropenia, central venous catheters, long stay on intensive care and total parenteral nutrition. Although children infections are not as common seen as in adults, leukemia, secondary neutropenia and bone marrow transplantation are factors favouring C. tropicalis infections. Another infection seen commonly in patients who have leukemia and secondary neutropenia, is chronic disseminated candidiasis (CDC) is another type of disseminated candida infection that mainly develops in the liver, spleen and kidney.\n\nThe most important and most essential step to prevent contact with the fungi species is by washing the hands. There are several types of therapy for the different level of infections caused by C. tropicalis. Normally, antifungal agents are used to treat these infections. Amphotericin B deoxycholate is the most common treatment antifungal agent used to treat Candida infections. Topical antifungal agents are commonly taken in 3 forms: oral suspension, ointment and powder. Oral suspension is mainly used to treat thrush whereas ointment is directly applied onto the infected section. Nystatin is a type of antifungal agent used because it is not absorbed by the gastrointestinal tract. These types of agents will function to lower candida species’ phospholipases activities. Flucytosine (5FC) is another type of therapy treatment including 3 agents used; caspofungin, micafungin and anidulafungin. Usage of caspofungin will efficiently target against oropharyngeal and oesophageal candidiasis and invasive candidiasis. Micafungin, compared to amphotericin B, it is more efficient. Anidulafungin results are similar to Caspofungin and Micafungin. echinocandin are a type of non-competitive inhibitors of cell wall 1,3-b-D-glucan synthase complex mainly used to treat fungal infections.\nAzoles are agents that can deplete ergosterol, the main component of the fungus cell wall membrane, in order to inhibit fungal growth. fluconazole is water-soluble, ready to be taken orally. C. tropicalis can rapidly develop resistance towards fluconazole therefore it's not recommended to retreat fluconazole-treated patients with recurrent candidiasis. Other azoles that are highly active against C. tropicalis are itraconazole, voriconazole, posaconazole, ravuconazole and isavuconazole. Voriconazole is a new generation from fluconazole with a higher potential of broad spectrum activity. All of the mentioned treatments and drug therapies can also be applied onto neonates and premature newborns taking into account the amount of recommended dose. Although there are several ways to treat the different types of C. tropicalis’ infections, the best way to improve treatments results is to improve host immune system."
    },{
      "name":["Lilioceris"],
      "introduction":"\n\nLilioceris is a genus of beetles in the leaf beetle family, Chrysomelidae. The genus was first scientifically described in 1912 by Edmund Reitter. Lilioceris belongs to the subfamily Criocerinae and tribe Criocerini (Latreille, 1807).\n\nThe family of beetles are of importance in horticulture because of their impact on the cultivation of lilies. Lilioceris cheni was introduced into Central Florida by biologists to try to control the spread of invasive air potato plants.",
      "sections":"Species of Lilioceris are between 4 and 10 mm long. The body has a long narrow shape, with a pronounced shoulder between the elytra and pronotum. Both the larvae and the adult (imago) beetles feed on plants.\n\nLilioceris species are holometabolous, having a complete metamorphosis. The larvae proceed to a pupation stage to develop into adults.\n\nWell over 100 species are described, with 80 in Asia alone.\n\nSelected species:"
    },{
      "name":["Cotula montevidensis"],
      "introduction":"\n\nCotula coronopifolia is a species of flowering plant in the aster family (Asteraceae). Commonly known as brass buttons, golden buttons, and buttonweed, it is native to South Africa and New Zealand.",
      "sections":"The flower heads are bright yellow discoid heads that look like thick buttons. Individual plants spread stems along the ground and send up the knobby flowers at intervals. The plant is native to southern Africa, as well as New Zealand, but it has been introduced to other parts of the world (Europe, North + South America, etc.).\n\nBrass buttons are common plants that occupy a specialized ecological niche. They prefer muddy, anoxic wetlands and brackish water. They are very salt-tolerant. The plant has fat, fleshy leaves that store water during times of saline inundation. The reddish stems and green, blade-shaped leaves are coated with a shiny cuticle to retain moisture. It can also be found in the wetter patches in vernal pool ecosystems. Brass buttons are common along beaches, salt marshes, and estuaries from California to Washington. It has been present in the British Isles since the late 1800s, especially on the Cheshire coast and is considered a neophyte naturalised plant.\n\nAlthough brass buttons is known to be invasive, its spread appears to be relatively slow. Its California Invasive Plant Council Inventory rating is \"limited\", that is, \"invasive but their ecological impacts are minor on a statewide level or there was not enough information to justify a higher score. Their reproductive biology and other attributes result in low to moderate rates of invasiveness. Ecological amplitude and distribution are generally limited, but these species may be locally persistent and problematic.\""
    },{
      "name":["Ficopomatus enigmaticus"],
      "introduction":"\n\nFicopomatus enigmaticus, commonly known as the Australian tubeworm, is a species of serpulid tubeworms. Their true native range is unknown, but they probably originated in the Southern Hemisphere, perhaps from the Indian Ocean and the coastal waters of Australia. Today they have a cosmopolitan distribution, having been introduced to shallow waters worldwide. The Australian tubeworm is an invasive species that dominates and alters habitats, reduces water quality, depletes resources, and causes biofouling.",
      "sections":"Ficopomatus enigmaticus is classified in the genus Ficopomatus in the family Serpulidae. They are polychaetes belonging to the order Canalipalpata, the bristle-footed or fan-head worms. The species was first described by the French zoologist Pierre Fauvel in 1923 as Mercierella enigmatica.\n\nAustralian tubeworms are usually about 2 to 2.5 cm (0.79 to 0.98 in) long, and up to 4 cm (1.6 in) at times. On the front end are up to 20 branching gill plumes, which are gray, green, or brown in color. The worms secrete a calcareous tube around themselves, which reaches up to 10 cm (3.9 in) long by 2 cm (0.79 in) wide. The tubes are white and turn brown with age. They are flared at the opening and has flaring rings along their lengths. The mouth can be sealed with a spiny covering (the operculum).\n\nAustralian tubeworms always live colonially, with many tubes growing together to form small clusters or large reefs. The aggregations are very dense. There can be up to 180,000 worms per square meter of reef, with the tube openings just about a millimeter apart. The tubes stick together with layers of tiny crystals. The tubes may weave together, and as new worms settle on the outer surface, the reef becomes a solid mass. Reefs of worms can be over 7 m (23 ft) long. When the invasion of Lake of Tunis in Tunisia was at its most severe, the total reef mass of the lagoon was thought to contain about 540,000 tons of carbonate. In shallow water, a reef can be circular in shape as new worms settle along the outer edges. Neighboring reefs may join together to make platforms. In a current, the reef can be elongated.\n\nAustralian tubeworms are generally found in temperate and subtropical climates. They live in waters up to 3 m (9.8 ft) deep in habitat types such as estuaries and lagoons. They can tolerate a wide range of salinities, and can be found in marine and hypersaline environments, However, they are most common in brackish water. They are sensitive to wave action, and reefs usually grow in protected areas with slow-moving or stagnant water. The larvae are trochophores that drift with the zooplankton and settle onto the substrate after 20 to 25 days. They may build their tubes on established reefs or on beds of rock or shells, rocky or woody debris, reefs of other animals such as oysters, beds of vegetation, structures such as docks, piers, and marinas, or objects such as pilings and boats.\n\nOn the coast of South Africa, Australian tubeworms have been observed growing on the aquatic plant Potamogeton pectinatus. In Argentina, the larvae settle on shells such as those of the sea snail Adelomelon brasiliana and the clams Mactra isabelleana and Tagelus plebeius. In the Black Sea the reefs are associated with barnacles of the genus Balanus, caridean shrimp of the genus Palaemon, mud crabs of the genus Xantho, amphipods of the genus Orchestia, and isopods of the genus Sphaeroma. Some tubeworm reefs also have colonies of bryozoans built into them.\n\nThey are filter feeders, gathering zooplankton, phytoplankton, and detritus particles from the water and transporting them to their mouths with the cilia on their gill plumes. During their larval stage, they feed on phytoplankton. They reproduce sexually, releasing eggs and sperm into the water during spawning. They are iteroparous, able to produce more than one batch of offspring. They are also protandric hermaphrodites, changing sex from males to females. The older, larger worms in a colony are generally female. Their lifespan is 4 to 8 years.\n\nThe Australian tubeworm is a fast-growing, aggressive species that acts as an ecosystem engineer, having drastic effects on many aspects of their environment. The worms alter the ecosystem physically, chemically, and biologically.\n\nThe bulky reefs formed by large colonies of Australian tubeworms impede the movement of water, allowing sediment to build up around them. They decrease the aesthetic value of natural lagoons, encrust the hulls of ships, clog the intakes of power plants, pose a hazard to people engaging in water recreation, and block mechanical structures such as locks. They are important biofouling organisms, forming heavy crusts on any suitable surface. Unclogging of pipes and cleaning of boats and harbor structures is costly.\n\nAustralian tubeworms easily dominate ecosystems and outcompete native fauna when colonies deplete nutrients with large-scale filter feeding. They can also survive in polluted and eutrophic, low-oxygen waters that other organisms cannot tolerate as well. They can provide surfaces for the growth of other introduced species, such as the hydrozoan Cordylophora caspia and the barnacle Balanus improvisus. They can also facilitate the overgrowth of algae. In sewage-polluted waters they can thrive on the organic particles, creating large colonies that become covered in algae, further decreasing the water quality. They are known to form colonies on the shells of living animals, such as turtles, molluscs, and crabs.\n\nSome of the effects of the tubeworm are initially positive. Their efficient filter feeding clears the water of particles, increasing oxygen. They increase species richness and animal abundance by providing shelter and improved water quality. The microfauna increase. Larger populations of life forms attract detritivores. Reefs are used as resting spots by birds such as swans. Positive effects of the worm can be outweighed by their dominance of the ecosystem. As they feed, they can deplete resources, and by doing so they have been known to replace native species in the habitat. They shelter and support other introduced species. Even when they benefit native species, the outcome can be detrimental. For example, in Argentina the reefs are inhabited by the omnivorous native crab Cyrtograpsus angulatus, which forms dense populations once established. They then prey heavily on many other species. They also increase turbidity and alter the substrate with their burrowing activity.\n\nAustralian tubeworms are introduced to new habitat when they are transported on ship hulls, in ballasts, and on shells. Management options are mainly limited to the prevention of new introductions. Methods include deoxygenating ballast water to kill larvae and simply scraping the tubes off of ships and other surfaces."
    },{
      "name":["Austropuccinia"],
      "introduction":"\n\nSpecies synonymy:\n\nAustropuccinia is a monotypic genus of rust (a type of plant pathogen) native to South America with the only species Austropuccinia psidii, commonly known as myrtle rust, guava rust, or ʻōhiʻa rust. It affects plants in the family Myrtaceae. It is a member of the fungal complex called the guava rust (Puccinia psidii) group. The spores have a distinctive yellow to orange colour, occasionally encircled by a purple ring. They are found on lesions on new growth including shoots, leaves, buds and fruits. Leaves become twisted and may die. Infections in highly susceptible species may result in the death of the host plant.\n\nAs of late 2013, it is infecting around 179 species in New South Wales and Queensland, from 41 genera (around 46% of genera in the Myrtaceae) in Australia.",
      "sections":"Austropuccinia psidii, a myrtle rust or a rust fungus, has a large host range for infection, making disease control and prevention difficult. However, it has been seen to have biological uses. In Florida, the pathogen has been considered as a biological control agent for the invasive Australian plant, Melaleuca quinquenervia. Melaleuca quinquenervia is a weed tree that has invaded south Florida. If left unchecked, it will cause of the most serious threats to the integrity of the native ecosystem, turning marshes in the Everglades into swamps. With Autropuccinia psidii, the disease has the ability to disperse inoculum rapidly and attack healthy tissues, causing substantial damage to their hosts. This creates pustules and eventually leads to the death of the invasive species.\n\nAustropuccinia psidii can rapidly spread globally and can impact commercially and ecologically important species of Myrtaeceae such as Archirhodomyrtus beckleri, Decaspermum humile, Gossia hillii and Rhodamnia maideniana, that are extremely important in Australia affecting their native forest ecosystems and causing extinctions. Austropuccinia psidii has also been found to also be an invasive species that infects young growing tissues of plants. It infects developed leaves, floral bud, fruits and Coppice. This fungus is a serious problem because of its ability to spread rapidly from its production of a large number of small spores that can be easily dispersed over long distances by wind. These spores can also be dispersed by vectors that include animals such as birds, bats, possums, and insects that have been in contact with the rust spores. Austropuccinia psidii has a potential to cause damage to natural ecosystems. In Australia, many ecosystems are dominated by Eucalyptus which is also the dominant tree in most of Hawaii's forests. Infection from Autropuccinia psidii results in significant changes to the structure, composition, and the function of forests trees on a landscape level. Thus, it greatly impacts biodiversity of other flora and fauna in these ecosystems.\n\nThe fungus was first described scientifically in 1884 as Puccinia psidii by G. Winter, then described again in 2006 as Uredo rangelii by mycologists J.A. Simpson, K. Thomas, and Cheryl Grgurinovic. Finally in 2017 the names were synonymised by Beenken in a new genus as Austropuccinia psidii.\n\nMyrtle rust is typically characterised by the appearance of urediniospores on the underside of the leaf, though urediniospores may also be found on the top of the leaf or on young stems. Initially, the disease appears as small purple or red brown flecks with a faint chlorotic halo on the leaf surface, which coalesce to form bright yellow pustules. As the rust develops, these pustules often fade to a grey brown colour. A high degree of pustule coalescence can result in distortion of the leaf. Myrtle rust also makes plants more susceptible to secondary infections, which may occur within days of the initial appearance of the pustules.\n\nFavourable conditions that increase the infection rate include: new tissue; high humidity; free water on plant surface for more than 6 hours; moderate temperatures, around 15–25 °C. Low light conditions (minimum of 8 hours) after spore contact can increase germination.\n\nThe main ways in which myrtle rust can be spread are by: the movement of infected plant material, the movement of contaminated equipment, wind, water and gravity, animals, humans and/or vehicles.\n\nMyrtle rust may remain on a single host plant to complete its life cycle, which can be as short as 10–14 days.\n\nAustropuccinia psidii can have very serious consequences to various species of plants in the Myrtaceae. This family includes guava (the original host of this rust in Brazil), eucalyptus, melaleuca, and a number of species native to Hawaii, including some endemic species (found nowhere else on Earth) and at least one important native forest tree. There are numerous strains of the Austropuccinia psidii rust—some known to be established in Florida, and at least one reported from California and there is concern that strains may exist or develop that could be devastating to ʻōhiʻa (Metrosideros polymorpha), one of Hawaii's dominant native trees, a foundation species for many remaining Hawaiian native ecosystems. However currently, the major threat of Puccinia in Hawaii is the massive damage it is doing to Eugenia koolauensis, a federally listed endangered species.\n\nMyrtle rust was first recorded in Australia in mid-2010 and currently poses a major threat to the continent's ecosystem given that almost 80 per cent of Australian native trees are Mytraceae, most indigenous species rely on healthy trees for their survival. Additionally it poses a major threat to Australia's primary industry sector. Its current range includes much of the eastern coastal fringe of the Australian mainland.\n\nInitial detection was in April 2010 in Gosford in the Central Coast region of New South Wales. It was initially quarantined and eradication thought viable. The New South Wales government spent $5 million attempting to eradicate the disease. However, efforts to contain it failed and it spread rapidly north and south along the eastern coast. In response to the increasing threat, a Myrtle Rust National Management Group was formed on 2 July 2010 with the aim of eradication however due to the extent of its spread at that point of time, the group conceded that it had become impossible to eradicate.\n\nBy December 2010, it had significantly spread north along the coast and recorded in South East Queensland with isolated cases in Far North Queensland cities of Cairns and Townsville. In January 2012, an isolated myrtle rust outbreak was reported in Victoria beginning in Melbourne's southern and eastern suburbs. Initial attempts to contain it were unsuccessful and by April, 2012 it had spread across much of the state via regional cities.\n\nBy late 2015 myrtle rust was widespread in Queensland, NSW and Victoria. It has reached Tasmania, where it was detected in garden plants in the north-east in February 2015, and the Northern Territory, where it was detected on Melville Island in May 2015. The Tasmanian government is seeking to contain and eradicate myrtle rust from the state while the Northern Territory government has determined it is not possible to contain or eradicate the pathogen.\n\nIn April 2017, New Zealand's Ministry for Primary Industries reported that myrtle rust had been detected on Raoul Island, off the New Zealand mainland; the following month, it was detected on the mainland, in Kerikeri. As of 2020 it is spreading in New Zealand, and infecting pōhutukawa (Metrosideros excelsa), northern rātā (Metrosideros robusta), southern rātā (Metrosideros umbellata), ramarama (Lophomyrtus bullata) and rōhutu Lophomyrtus obcordata.\n\nSpecies within the following plant genera have been recorded with the infection:\n\nSince first being detected in 2010, myrtle rust has spread rapidly with entire plant species now under threat. In Australia, the family Myrtaceae - which includes eucalypts, melaleuca and lilly pilly - is diverse, widespread and important to many native ecosystems.\n\nThe impact of myrtle rust has now been seen in a range of forest ecosystems including coastal heath, coastal and river wetlands, sand island ecosystems and subtropical and tropical rainforests. A number of plant species are now at risk of becoming extinct with about 40 plant species considered highly susceptible, such as the endangered Rhodamnia angustifolia.\n\nNative animals are also likely to suffer significant impacts. Myrtle rust grows in shoots, fruits and flowers, destroying the food relied on by some species of flying foxes, lorikeets and honey eaters. There is the strong possibility that some of these species will become regionally extinct, and their loss could have serious flow-on effects.\n\nRust fungi typically have complex life cycles that include stages of sexual and asexual reproduction that occasionally occur on phylogenetically distinct host plants. Austropuccinia psidii’s life cycle is quite controversial with one study showing that the rust is autoecious while another study finding it to be heteroecious but with an alternate host that has yet to be found.\n\nLooking at the fungus as a polycyclic pathogen, Stage I consists of aeciospores inoculating young leaf/shoot/fruit/flower bud. Once infected, aeciospores germinate and penetrate the host by creating a haustoria. Colonies and urediniosori forms after penetration. In Stage II, the production of urediniospores go back to inoculate young leaf/shoot/fruit/flower bud, important for secondary infection and contributing to the polycyclic nature of the pathogen. Stage II is also where urediniospores germinate, and penetration of the host occurs, resulting in the development of an uridiniosori. In Stage III, urediniospores germinate and the host is penetrated with the development of a haustoria. After penetration, colonies are formed and teliosori are developed. Teliosori produce teliospores which can further germinate. Once they're germinated, basidiospores are developed. In Stage IV, basidiospores are spread, inoculating young leaf/shoot/fruit/flower bud. As a result, basidiospores germinate penetrating the host with the development of a haustorium. Aeciosori is formed with the production of aeciospores and the cycle repeats.\n\nBeginning with 1) extracellular pre-penetration processes (adhesion, germination, and appressorium formation 2) intercellular post-penetration processes (nutrient acquisition, ETS, ETI) and 3) dispersal of newly formed uredospores (reproduction and sporulation).\n\nTo infect the plant, uredospores must adhere to the leaf surface which can be enhanced by the secretion of extracellular compounds. Both physical and chemical cues by neutralized spore germination inhibitors induces germination and break dormancy. After the penetration of urediniospores by a combination of extracellular secretions and physical force, the germ tube is formed and elongated in a favorable area fueled by spore protein reserves from an appressorium. Once the hyphae is within the cell apoplast, the hyphae penetrates a host mesophyll cell to form a haustoria to acquire nutrients and suppress plant defenses. The hyphae and haustoria continually secrete effectors prevent plant resistance. Chemical signaling between plant and pathogen are continuously occurring to determine infection or any defense responses to the pathogen. Nutrient acquisition fuels pathogen growth by the accumulation of carbon from the host plant. This results in sporulation where the hyphae move toward plant surfaces to make urediniospores and to create a sori that ruptures through the dermal surface for penetration and infection.\n\nThe original plan to eradicate myrtle rust from Australia was declared to be infeasible by the Myrtle Rust National Management Group in December 2010. The Myrtle Rust Response Plan was cancelled and focus was placed on minimising the spread and the impacts on myrtle rust. The Australian Government, through the Department of Agriculture Fisheries and Forestry, established the Myrtle Rust Coordination Group to manage the investment of $1.5 million of research funding.\n\nIn 2016, The National Environmental Science Programme (http://www.environment.gov.au/science/nesp) hosted a national workshop on myrtle rust to discuss research findings and future management options. Participants included the Cooperative Research Centre for Plant Biosecurity, state and federal agencies, and botanical and plant conservation experts. Discussions centred around the impact on native species in Australia. A key outcome of the workshop included agreement that there is a need for a nationally coordinated approach through a long-term National Action Plan which aims to ensure that no species or ecosystems are lost to its impact.\n\nPractical measures to minimise the risk of increasing the distribution of myrtle rust include: not moving plant matter from one site to another; minimising pathogen spread by arriving and leaving each site clean of the pathogen, and avoiding areas that may contain myrtle rust-infected plant matter."
    },{
      "name":["Carduus acanthoides"],
      "introduction":"\n\nCarduus acanthoides, known as the spiny plumeless thistle, welted thistle, or plumeless thistle, is a biennial plant species of thistle in the family Asteraceae. The plant is native to Europe and Asia and introduced in many other areas, where it is sometimes considered an invasive species.",
      "sections":"Carduus acanthoides may exceed 2 metres (6.6 ft) in height and can form weedy monotypic stands. The stem and foliage are spiny and sometimes woolly. The specific epithet acanthoides refers to its spiny foliage. The plant starts from a flat, basal rosette and then bolts an erect stem with occasional toothed, wrinkled, spiny leaves. The leaves are 4–8 in (10–20 cm) long with lobed or pinnately-divided edges. The abaxial surface (underside) of the leaf is somewhat hairy.\n\nAt the top of each branch of the stem is an inflorescence of one to several flower heads, each rounded, covered in spiny phyllaries, and bearing many threadlike, purple or pink disc florets. Each flowerhead is around 0.5–1 in (13–25 mm) across. It flowers throughout the summer and early fall. The achenes are 2–3 mm long, four-angled, with faint lengthwise stripes. The fluffy pappus bristles are 11–13 mm long. After flowering and setting seed, it dies.\n\nCarduus acanthoides is native from France, Italy, and western Turkey; through Russia and Kazakhstan; to China. In its native range the plant is found in open grasslands and disturbed areas, and in non-native ranges it is a weed of annual grasslands, roadsides, fields and pastures, and disturbed areas.\n\nThe plant has introduced broadly across much of North America where it is sometimes considered a noxious weed or invasive species. The California Department of Food and Agriculture has an active program to control known populations. It spreads through its seeds. Each plant creates around 1,000 seeds. However, the plant has beneficial impacts on the native  bees in North America.\n\nAlthough first noted in 1962 in the Chicago region, it has not been seen since 1985. In Michigan and Wisconsin, it does not occur in remnant, native habitats, but rather those with a history of disturbance, such as railroad right-of-ways, roadsides, and farm fields."
    },{
      "name":["Celastrus articulatus"],
      "introduction":"\n\n\n\nCelastrus orbiculatus is a woody vine of the family Celastraceae. It is commonly called Oriental bittersweet, as well as Chinese bittersweet, Asian bittersweet, round-leaved bittersweet, and Asiatic bittersweet.\n\nIt is native to China, where it is the most widely distributed Celastrus species, and to Japan and Korea. It was introduced into North America in 1879, and is considered to be an invasive species in eastern North America. It closely resembles the native North American species, Celastrus scandens, with which it will readily hybridize.",
      "sections":"The defining characteristic of the deciduous plant is its vines: they are thin, spindly, and have silver to reddish brown bark. They are generally between 1 and 4 cm (0.4 and 1.6 in) in diameter. However, if growth is not disturbed, vines can exceed 10 cm (3.9 in) and when cut, will show age rings that can exceed 20 years.\n\nWhen Celastrus orbiculatus grows by itself, it forms thickets; when it is near a tree the vines twist themselves around the trunk as high as 40 feet. The encircling vines have been known to strangle the host tree to death or break branches from the excess weight, which is also true of the slower-growing American species, C. scandens. The leaves are round and glossy, 2–12 cm (0.8–4.7 in) long, have toothed margins and grow in alternate patterns along the vines.\n\nSmall green flowers are borne on axillary cymes. The fruit is a three-valved capsule, which dehisces to reveal bright red arils that cover the seeds. All parts of the plant are poisonous.\n\nDue to systematic disturbances to eastern forests for wood production and recreation, Oriental bittersweet has naturalized to landscapes, roadsides, and woodlands of eastern North America. In the United States, it can be found as far south as Louisiana, as far north as Maine, and as far west as the Rocky Mountains. It prefers mesic woods, where it has been known to eclipse native plants.\n\nCelastrus orbiculatus is cultivated as an ornamental plant. In the UK, it has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.\n\nOriental bittersweet is a strong competitor in its environment, and its dispersal has endangered the survival of several other species. One attribute that contributes to the success of this species is having attractively colored fruit. As a result, it is eaten by mammals and birds, which excrete the seeds to different locations.\n\nThe introduction of Oriental bittersweet into new areas threatens the local flora because the native plants then have a strong competitor in the vicinity. The species is native to Eastern Asia, but was introduced to the US for aesthetic purposes. It has been used in floral arrangements, and because of improper disposal the plant has been recklessly introduced into areas, affecting the ecology of over 33 states from Georgia to Wisconsin, and parts of the Appalachians. The organism grows primarily in the perimeter of highly vegetative areas, allowing it to readily access the frontier of resources. Oriental bittersweet's ability to grow in a variety of environments has proven to be detrimental to many plant species along the Appalachian mountains and is moving more towards the West as time progresses.\n\nOriental bittersweet employs multiple invasive and dispersal strategies allowing it to outcompete the surrounding plant species in non-native regions. This is a strong reason why the control of the species presents difficulties to manage. The plant's invasion has created diverse ecological, managerial, and agricultural complications making it a focus of environmental conservation efforts.\n\nSunlight is one of the most vital resources for Oriental bittersweet. As demonstrated by controlled experiments, Oriental bittersweet grows more rapidly in environments that fare a higher amount of sunlight. In a study where populations received above 28% sunlight, it exhibited a higher amount of growth and biomass. This study used layers of woven cloth to control the percentage of available sunlight. In this experiment, the total living length (TLL, the living length of stems on each plant) increased when Oriental bittersweet was exposed to higher amounts of sunlight. If Oriental bittersweet was exposed to 2% sunlight, then the TLL ratio decreased. Oriental bittersweet can increase in biomass by 20% when exposed to 28% sunlight rather than 2%. The plant's strong response to sunlight parallels its role as an invasive species, as it can outcompete other species by fighting for and receiving more sunlight. Although growth ratios decrease when Oriental bittersweet is exposed to 2% sunlight (due to a decrease in photosynthetic ability), it still exhibited a 90% survival rate. Experimental data has indicated that Oriental bittersweet has a strong ability to tolerate low light conditions \"ranging on average from 0.8 to 6.4% transmittance\". In comparison to its congener American bittersweet, when placed in habitats with little light, Oriental bittersweet was found to have increased height, increased aboveground biomass, and increased total leaf mass. Oriental bittersweet, in comparison to many other competing species, is the better competitor in attaining sunlight.\n\nTemperature is another variable that plays a role in Oriental bittersweet's growth and development as an invasive species. Unlike other invasive species, high summer temperatures have been shown to inhibit plant growth. Oriental bittersweet has also been shown to be positively favored in habitats experiencing high annual precipitation. This is noteworthy as it contrasts sharply with other common invasive species such as Berberis thunbergii and Euonymus alatus which have been shown to have a decreased probability of establishment when placed in environments experiencing high annual precipitation.\n\nCompared to other invasive species analyzed in a recent study, Oriental bittersweet was more prevalent in landscapes dominated by developed areas. Open and abandoned habitats were also found to positively influence the spread of the plant compared to other invasive species. Additionally the species is heavily favored in edge habitats. This ability to live in various environmental conditions raises the concern of the plant's dispersal.\n\nA determining factor regarding Oriental bittersweet's ability to outcompete native plant species is its ability to form mutualistic associations with mycorrhizal fungi, specifically arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi. Oriental bittersweet growth is highly dependent on the absorption of phosphorus. In a recent study, growth was found to be greater when arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi were present in soil with low phosphorus concentrations, compared to when the plant was placed in an environment with high soil phosphorus concentrations with no arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi were present. The results from this study show the importance of symbiotic relationships in allowing Oriental bittersweet to effectively uptake nutrients from its surroundings. Additionally, the symbiotic relationship with mycorrhizae allows this invasive species to utilize less of its energy in root biomass to absorb necessary nutrients. This may be crucial in allowing Oriental bittersweet to act as an effective invasive species as it is able to allocate more energy to its aboveground biomass instead of its belowground biomass; a significant point regarding this plant's invasiveness relies on photosynthetic ability and reproductive capacity. The symbiotic relationship established with fungi only occurs with arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi, while no such relationship has been observed with ectomycorrhizal fungi. These studies have shown that suitable mycorrhizae are a strong determining factor regarding whether a plant can survive in its environment. Studies have also shown evidence that \"introduced plant species can modify microbial communities in the soil surrounding not only their own roots, but also the roots of neighboring plants, thereby altering competitive interactions among the plant species\". This may be a key invasive trait for Oriental bittersweet, as it allows the plant to negatively affect surrounding plant life by altering their underground symbiotic microbial relationships. However, further experimentation is necessary to determine whether this organism employs this trait as an invasive strategy.\n\nOne of Oriental bittersweet's invasive characteristics is its effective utilization of energy to increase plant height, thus giving it a competitive advantage over similar plants. A study conducted in 2006 showed that, in comparison to its congener American bittersweet, Oriental bittersweet had increased height, increased aboveground biomass, and increased total leaf mass. This is not to say that Oriental bittersweet outperformed American bittersweet in all criteria: in comparison to Oriental bittersweet, \"American bittersweet had increased stem diameter, single leaf area, and leaf mass to stem mass ratio\", suggestive that American bittersweet focused growth on ulterior portions of the plant rather than plant characteristics emphasized by Oriental bittersweet such as stem length. This is significant as height plays a major role in allowing Oriental bittersweet to outcompete surrounding vegetation. Focusing growth on stem length allows it to be in a strong position to absorb light, while also negatively impacting surrounding plant life by creating shade-like conditions.\n\nThe species' vine-like morphology has also been shown to have negative effects on surrounding plant life. For example, evidence suggests that this morphological characteristic facilitates its ability to girdle nearby trees, creating an overall negative effect on the trees such as making them more susceptible to ice damage or damaging branches due to the weight of the plant. Additionally, studies have suggested that Oriental bittersweet is capable of siphoning away nutrients from surrounding plants. The study found this to occur in a variety of environments, suggestive of both the plant's increased relative plasticity as well as increased nutrient uptake.\n\nOne study observed that the presence of Oriental bittersweet increases the alkalinity of the surrounding soil, a characteristic of many successful invasive plant species. This alters the availability of essential nutrients and hinders the nutrient uptake ability of native plants. Though the relationship between Oriental bittersweet and the alkalinity of the soil is consistent, there are a number of proposed mechanisms for this observation. The plant's significant above-ground biomass demands the preferential uptake of nitrate over ammonia, leading to soil nitrification. It also has a high cation-exchange capacity, which also supports the larger biomass. Either of these functions could explain the increased alkalinity, but further experimentation is needed to pinpoint the exact mechanism.\n\nAnother major threat posed by Oriental bittersweet is hybridization with American bittersweet. Hybridization occurs readily between American bittersweet females and Oriental bittersweet males, though the opposite is known to occur to a lesser extent. The resulting hybrid species is fully capable of reproduction. In theory, if the Oriental bittersweet invasion continues to worsen, widespread hybridization could genetically disrupt the entire American bittersweet population, possibly rendering it extinct.\n\nTo minimize the effects of Oriental bittersweet's invasion into North American habitats, its growth and dispersal must be tightly managed. Early detection is essential for successful conservation efforts. To reduce further growth and dispersal, above-ground vegetation is cut and any foliage is sprayed with triclopyr, a common herbicide. Glyphosate is another chemical method of control. These two herbicides are usually sprayed directly on the plants in late fall to prevent other plants from being targeted. These steps must be repeated annually, or whenever regrowth is observed. Triclopyr is non-toxic to most animal and insect species and slightly toxic to some species of fish, but it has a half-life of less than a day in water, making it safe and effective for field use.\nMechanical methods have also been used, but they are not as effective due to the difficulty of completely removing the root. There is also no biological control agent available in helping control this species. Mechanical and chemical methods are being used, but they are only temporarily fixing the situation.\n\nBicelaphanol A is a neuroprotective dimeric-trinorditerpene isolated from the bark of Celastrus orbiculatus.\n\nDespite the modest toxicity of its fruit, some livestock browse on the leaves without effect. Its vines, which are durable and tough, are a good source of weaving material for baskets. The fibrous inner bark can be used to make strong cordage."
    },{
      "name":["Laevicaulis alte"],
      "introduction":"\n\nLaevicaulis alte, or the tropical leatherleaf, is a species of tropical land slug, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Veronicellidae, the leatherleaf slugs.",
      "sections":"Laevicaulis alte is a round, dark-coloured slug with no shell, 7 or 8 cm (2.8 or 3.1 in) long. Its skin is slightly tuberculated. The central keel is beige in colour.\n\nThis slug has a unique, very narrow foot; juvenile specimens have a foot 1 mm (0.039 in) wide and adult specimens have a foot that is only 4 or 5 mm (0.16 or 0.20 in) wide.\n\nThe tentacles are small, 2 or 3 mm (0.079 or 0.118 in) long, and they are only rarely extended beyond the edge of the mantle.\n\nThis slug is an intermediate host for Angiostrongylus cantonensis, the rat lungworm, a round worm, the most common cause of eosinophilic meningoencephalitis.\n\nLaevicaulis alte is eaten by the frog Rana tigrina.\n\nThe species is probably indigenous to sub-Saharan Africa, including Tanzania, Botswana and South Africa\n\nIt has been introduced and has become an invasive species in the following areas:\n\nThe species is already established in the USA, and is considered to represent a potentially serious threat as a pest, an invasive species which could negatively affect agriculture, natural ecosystems, human health or commerce. Therefore, it has been suggested that this species be given top national quarantine significance in the USA.\n\nLaevicaulis alte lives in dry areas, mostly at lower altitudes.\n\nThe slug hatches from eggs. Laevicaulis alte has several adaptations for living in dry conditions: a rounded shape with as small as possible surface area, and a narrow foot to reduce evaporation.\n\nJuvenile specimens search for food nearly always at night, and stay buried in the soil during the day. Larger specimens are active during the day sometimes. The slug can grow up from 0.5 cm (0.20 in) to approximately 4 cm (1.6 in) in length in 7 months."
    },{
      "name":["Bulinus"],
      "introduction":"\n\nat least 7 fossil species\n\nBulinus is a genus of small tropical freshwater snails, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Bulinidae, the ramshorn snails and their allies.\n\nThis genus is medically important because several species of Bulinus function as intermediate hosts for the schistosomiasis blood fluke.",
      "sections":"Miocene genus Kosovia was synonymized Bulinus in 2017.\n\nThese snails are widespread in Africa including Madagascar and the Middle East.\n\nThis genus has not yet become established in the USA, but it is considered to represent a potentially serious threat as a pest, an invasive species which could negatively affect agriculture, natural ecosystems, human health or commerce. Therefore it has been suggested that this species be given top national quarantine significance in the USA.\n\nThe shell of species in the genus Bulinus is sinistral. It has a very large body whorl and a small spire.\n\nSpecies within the genus Bulinus have been placed into four species groups: the Bulinus africanus group, Bulinus forskalii group, Bulinus reticulatus group and the Bulinus truncatus/tropicus complex. For the most part, species have been classified on the basis of their morphology although, in recent decades, the study of ploidy, allozymes and DNA methods have all played an increasing role in species discrimination. Morphological characters, whilst adequate to allocate a specimen to a species group are sometimes unreliable when used to classify at higher resolution especially within the Bulinus africanus group.\n\nThere are 37 (or 38 species when the Bulinus mutandensis is recognized as a separate species) species within the genus Bulinus including:\n\nBulinus africanus group - 10 species\n\nBulinus forskalii group - 11 species\n\nBulinus reticulatus group - 2 species\n\nBulinus truncatus/tropicus complex - 14-15 species\n\nother"
    },{
      "name":["Baccharis indica"],
      "introduction":"\n\nPluchea indica is a species of flowering plant in the aster family, Asteraceae. Its common names include Indian camphorweed, Indian fleabane, and Indian pluchea. It is native to parts of Asia and Australia, and it is widespread in the Pacific Islands as an introduced and often invasive species.\n\nThe species hybridizes with Pluchea carolinensis when the two plants grow together, yielding a hybrid that has been named Pluchea × fosbergii.",
      "sections":"This species is a branching shrub up to 2 meters tall. The toothed oval leaf blades are papery but not thin, and often have a fine coating of hairs. The flower heads grow in dense clusters in the leaf axils and at the branch tips. The pinkish purple florets have long, protruding styles. Florets along the edges of the head produce fruits. The fruit body is a millimeter in length with a white pappus about 5 millimeters long. The seeds are dispersed on the wind.\n\nThe plant contains the compounds β-sitosterol and stigmasterol, which have antidiabetic properties. The β-sitosterol isolated from the root extract can also neutralize the venom of Russell's viper (Daboia russelii) and the monocled cobra (Naja kaouthia).\n\nThe plant often grows in wet saline coastal habitat, such as brackish marshes and mangroves. Though it is not very competitive with other flora, it can easily colonize coastal habitat and impact native and cultivated plants. It alters waterbird habitat. It is considered invasive in New Caledonia, where it was introduced in 1967."
    },{
      "name":["Pseudanchomenus"],
      "introduction":"\n\nPseudanchomenus is a beetle genus in the family of ground beetles (Carabidae). Its only described species, Pseudanchomenus aptinoides, is endemic to the Azores archipelago.",
      "sections":"The beetle is approximately 12 mm long, its antennae reach almost 3/4 of its body size.\n\nIt lives high in mountains between 800 and 1200 m in native forests dominated by Juniperus brevifolia woodland (as in Caveiro, Achada Plateau, Pico island) and on lavic formations dominated by Erica azorica. It is a nocturnal predator that lives in very humid pristine native forest and can be found on the tree trunks and in the soil, particularly in ravines. The beetle is most active from June to October and breeds in autumn.\n\nP. aptinoides is endemic to Pico and São Miguel islands in Azores, but it is now considered extinct on São Miguel. The species have been found in Natural Forest Reserves of Caveiro, Lagoa do Caiado and Mistério da Prainha in Pico island, and it was last found before 90s in Furnas in S. Miguel island.\n\nP. aptinoides is considered as Critically Endangered species according to IUCN Red List. It is threatened because of major land-use changes and invasions of non-native plants, especially Hedychium gardnerianum. The alterations in the structure of the forest impact the cover of bryophytes and ferns in the soil, which has negative effects on the species. It is also threatened because of its large body size.\n\nDegraded habitats should be restored, expanded and the habitat fragments should be linked. It is also necessary to remove invasive non-native species where this is possible. Formal education and awareness is needed to allow future investments in restored habitats invaded by invasive plants. Further research is needed into its ecology and life history to perform a species potential recovery plan.\n\nCurrently, on the scope of LIFE Programme (Life Beetles), awareness is being risen among local people and visitants about the beetle and following conservation actions are carried out:"
    },{
      "name":["Solenachne"],
      "introduction":"\n\nSpartina is a genus of plants in the grass family, frequently found in coastal salt marshes. Species in this genus are commonly known as cordgrass or cord-grass, and are native to the coasts of the Atlantic Ocean in western and southern Europe, north-western and southern Africa, the Americas and the islands of the southern Atlantic Ocean; one or two species also occur on the western coast of North America and in freshwater habitats inland in the Americas. The highest species diversity is on the east coasts of North and South America, particularly Florida. They form large, often dense colonies, particularly on coastal salt marshes, and grow quickly. The species vary in size from 0.3–2 m tall. Many of the species will produce hybrids if they come into contact.",
      "sections":"In 2014, the taxon Spartina was subsumed into the genus Sporobolus and reassigned to the taxonomic status of section, but it is may still be possible to see Spartina referred to as an accepted genus. In 2019, an interdisciplinary team of experts from all continents (except for Antarctica) coauthored a report published in the journal Ecology supporting Spartina as a genus.\n\nThe section name Spartina is derived from σπαρτίνη (spartínē), the Greek word for a cord made from Spanish broom (Spartium junceum).\n\nThe following species are recognised in the section Spartina:\n\nSpecies of the section Spartina are used as food plants by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species including the Aaron's skipper, which feeds exclusively on smooth cordgrass, and the engrailed moth.\n\nSome species of the section Spartina are considered as ecosystem engineers that can strongly influence the physical and biological environment. This is particularly important in areas where invasive Spartina species significantly alter their new environment, with impacts to native plants and animals.\n\nThree of the Spartina species have become invasive plants in some countries. In British Columbia, Sporobolus anglica, also known as English cordgrass, is an aggressive, aquatic alien that invades mud flats, salt marshes and beaches, out-competing native plants, spreading quickly over mud flats and leaving large Spartina meadows. It is also invasive in China and California.\n\nSporobolus montevidensis and Sporobolus pumilus have become invasive on the Iberian Peninsula and the west coast of the United States\n\nSporobolus alterniflorus and its hybrids with other Spartina species are invasive in numerous locations around the globe, including China, California, England, France, and Spain.\n\nSpecies of the section Spartina have been planted to reclaim estuarine areas for farming, to supply fodder for livestock, and to prevent erosion. Various members of the genus (especially Sporobolus alterniflorus and its derivatives, Sporobolus anglicus and Sporobolus × townsendii) have spread outside of their native boundaries and become invasive.\n\nBig cordgrass (S. cynosuroides) is used in the construction of bull's eye targets for sports archery.  A properly constructed target can stop an arrow safely without damage to the arrowhead as it lodges in the target."
    },{
      "name":["Indoplanorbis exustus"],
      "introduction":"\n\nPlanorbis exustus Deshayes, 1834\n\nIndoplanorbis is a genus of air-breathing freshwater snail. Its only member species is Indoplanorbis exustus, an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae, the ram's horn snails. The species is widely distributed across the tropics. It serves as an important intermediate host for several trematode parasites. The invasive nature and ecological tolerance of Indoplanorbis exustus add to its importance in veterinary and medical science.",
      "sections":"Indoplanorbis exustus is the only known species in the genus Indoplanorbis. In spite of its long history and wide geographical range, it is thought that Indoplanorbis includes only a single species. However phylogeography research by Liu et al. (2010) revealed the phylogenetic depth of divergences between the Indian clades and Southeast Asian clades, together with habitat and parasitological differences suggest that Indoplanorbis exustus may comprise more than one species.\n\nThe most phylogenetically related genus to Indoplanorbis is genus Bulinus.\n\nThe freshwater snail Indoplanorbis exustus is found across Iran, Nepal, India, Sri Lanka, Southeast Asia (for example Thailand), central Asia (Afghanistan), Arabia and Africa.\n\nThe type locality of Indoplanorbis exustus is marshes on the coast of Malabar in southwestern India.\n\nIndoplanorbis exustus is a common snail across Southeast Asia and the Indian sub-continent. The snail is also found in the Middle East (Oman and Socotra) and Nigeria and the Ivory Coast; these findings were attributed by Brandt (1974) to recent introductions by human activities (Brandt's view has been frequently cited in the literature on Indoplanorbis). In contrast to Asia, the well documented appearance of the snail in Africa (e.g., Nigeria and Ivory Coast) and more recently (2002) in the Lesser Antilles, is almost certainly the result of introductions through human activities over the last 50–100 years.\n\nThis species is already established in the US, and is considered to represent a potentially serious threat as  a pest, an invasive species which could negatively affect agriculture, natural ecosystems, human health or commerce. Therefore, it has been suggested that this species be given top national quarantine significance in the US.\n\nMeier-Brook (1984) adopted an African (Gondwanan) origin for Indoplanorbis with rafting to Asia since the Cretaceous on the northward migrating Indian craton; this author also considered a Europe to Southwest Asia tract or an Africa to South India dispersal. Morgan et al. (2002) attributed the occurrence of Indoplanorbis in India to colonization (from Africa) via the Middle East land connection. Clearly the two different dispersal mechanisms imply very different chronologies; the Gondwanan vicariance hypothesis implies that proto-Indoplanorbis has been present in India since the late Eocene (35 Ma; India: Asia collision), whereas dispersal via\nthe Sinai-Levant suggests a Plio-Pleistocene arrival. The results by Liu et al. (2010) indicated a radiation beginning in the late Miocene with a divergence of an ancestral bulinine lineage into Assam and peninsular India clades. A Southeast Asian clade diverged from the peninsular India clade late-Pliocene; this clade then radiated at a much more rapid pace to colonize all of the sampled range of Indoplanorbis in the mid-Pleistocene.\n\nThe shell of this species, like all planorbids is sinistral in coiling, but is carried upside down and thus appears to be dextral. The shell of Indoplanorbis exustus is discoid with rapidly increasing whorls. Each whorl is higher than it is wide. The width of the shell is 5–25 mm. The height of the shell is 4.5–13 mm.\n\nPlanorbella duryi and Biomphalaria pfeifferi have similar shells.\n\nBecause of its wide distribution, various aspects of Indoplanorbis exustus have been studied, such as its calcium regulation and its hemocytes.\n\nIn captivity Indoplanorbis exustus can be reared on lettuce and spinach. Its diet is sometimes supplemented with sheep's liver and it can be given rat food to prepare for breeding.\n\nThe snail is found in small ponds, pools, and less commonly in rice paddy fields. The snail may also occur in semi-permanent pools formed in flooded areas of fields, where it can survive the dry season buried in mud. The desiccation tolerance of adult snails is high, while the resistance of juvenile snails is very low. Consequently, dispersal may occur in clumps of mud adhered to the bodies of cattle or across water in vegetation mats. It is possible it could be transported by birds.\n\nIndoplanorbis exustus is a hermaphroditic invasive snail species with high fecundity. Within one year of introduction the snail is able to colonize habitats with well established populations of other pulmonate and prosobranch snails. The snail requires a water temperature in excess of 15 °C for maturation. At the optimum temperature of 30 °C each snail can lay up to 800 eggs. There is from 2 to 43 eggs in one cluster with an average 20 eggs in one cluster. The capacity for self-fertilization and high fecundity probably underlies the invasive potential of the species. The average life span of Indoplanorbis exustus is 4 months and during this time it lays about 60 egg clusters.\n\nEggs of Indoplanorbis exustus were experimentally predated and destroyed by Pomacea bridgesii. Raut & Aditya (2002) hypothetized that Pomacea bridgesii could be a potential biocontrol agent for Indoplanorbis exustus.\n\nIndoplanorbis is of economic importance in that it is responsible for the transmission of several species of the genus Schistosoma which infect cattle and cause reduced livestock productivity. The snail is also of medical importance as a source of cercarial dermatitis among rural workers, particularly in India.\n\nIndoplanorbis exustus is best known as the intermediate host responsible for the transmission of Schistosoma nasale and S. spindale, as well as other trematodes such as Echinostoma spp. and some spirorchids. A third species of Schistosoma, S. indicum (Montgomery, 1906), is also transmitted by I. exustus. Other snails have been implicated in transmission of these three Schistosoma species (such as Lymnaea luteola, a host for S. indicum and S. nasale, and L. acuminata, a host for S. nasale and S. spindale), I. exustus is the most important host for S. nasale and S. spindale, as well as for S. indicum in certain regions. I. exustus may be the sole natural intermediate host for these three Schistosoma species on the Indian sub-continent.\n\nIndoplanorbis exustus is also an intermediate host for:\n\nIndoplanorbis exustus has been implicated in outbreaks of cercarial dermatitis in human populations in India, Laos, Malaysia and Thailand. Cercarial dermatitis results from the cutaneous allergic reaction in people exposed to larval schistosomes (cercariae) shed by infected snails into freshwater bodies such as lakes, ponds, and paddy fields. The cercariae cause pruritus (itching) and papular eruptions, with often severe secondary infections, as they attempt to infect a non-permissive definitive host and die in the skin.\n\nAqueous extract of a common medicinal plant of India Euphorbia tithymaloides (Euphorbiaceae) has molluscicidal activity against Indoplanorbis exustus.\n\nEthanol extract of Solanum xanthocarpum has molluscicidal activity against Indoplanorbis exustus LC50 = 198.00 mg/L and LC90 = 236.80 mg/L.\n\nThe latex of Euphorbia milii has molluscicidal activity against Indoplanorbis exustus that depends on its hybrid of the plant.\n\nThe molluscicidal activity of latex of Cascabela thevetia, Alstonia scholaris and Euphorbia pulcherrima against Indoplanorbis exustus was examined by Singh & Sunil (2005).\n\nIt is a part of ornamental pet trade for freshwater aquaria."
    },{
      "name":["Cirsium hillii"],
      "introduction":"\n\nCirsium pumilum var. hillii is a type of thistle endemic to North America. The common name for this plant is Hill's thistle.",
      "sections":"Hill's thistle is a low-growing thistle usually reaching 25 to 60 cm (10 to 23.5 in) in height, with a taproot system that runs deep into the ground.  It is a perennial plant usually living for three years, and flowers in July and August.  The plant's leaves are an elliptic-oblong shape with serrated edges, have tiny prickles, and have one central vein with smaller veins branching from it.\n\nThe top of the stem holds a composite flower head, each consisting of many individual disc florets but no ray florets. The flowers of this plant are usually purple though sometimes pink or white. Hill's thistle tends to looks very similar to Cirsium vulgare during its seedling and rosette stages; one can easily be mistaken for the other.\n\nHill's thistle thrives in areas that are open, sandy, and dry. It also grows well in areas that are susceptible to fire and areas lacking tall vegetation. Its preferred habitats include sand prairies, sand dunes, open wooded areas, and limestone plains with thin soil and little vegetation. Natural fires are important for Hill's thistle because they burn large trees and debris, which reduces competition and allows it to grow.\n\nHill's thistle is an endemic species to North America, found only in Canada and the United States. It is found around the Great Lakes, in the southern part of Ontario, as well as Michigan, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Iowa, Illinois and Indiana.\n\nHill's thistle is not used for medicine, food, or fibres. This lack of utility may be beneficial to its persistence in the wild, as it has been suggested that samples only be collected for scientific reasons. It does, however, play an important role in its ecosystem because it is consumed by whitetail deer.  Multiple plants grow near Hill's thistle, such as big and little bluestem, blazing star, rough fescue, pale agoseris, juniper, hair grass, western sunflower, and field chickenweed.  Because Hill's thistle is one of the first plants to colonize its habitat, perhaps it plays a role in stabilizing the soil and benefits these other plants.\n\nThe Committee of the Status of Endangered Wildlife in Canada last examined Hill's thistle in 2004 and named it as \"threatened\" due to its \"rarity, restricted range, and human factors, which make it susceptible to extinction,\". The plant's main threats include aggregate demand, shoreline development, and invasive species. Human recreation and development encroachment may also negatively impact Hill's thistle.\n\nHill's thistle generally only lives to be 2 or 3 years old, typically flowering at 3 years. This could pose a problem in terms of conservation because, if fewer plants survive to the flowering stage at the end of their life, there will be less production of offspring.\n\nLack of disturbance by natural fires is another reason why Hill's thistle is threatened. This plant needs an open, dry, grassy environment in order to thrive. Areas where it previously succeeded are now managed to prevent fires, allowing the invasion of shrubs and trees, which outcompete the open-habitat species.\n\nHill's thistle is a rare species found in relatively few places around the globe and thus ongoing conservation efforts are essential for its survival. Suggestions for the conservation of this species include reducing shoreline development and aggregate demand in its habitat. Conservation efforts should also focus determining how management of fires affects seedling establishment and what can be done in regards to fire reduction."
    },{
      "name":["Psidium cattleyanum"],
      "introduction":"\n\nPsidium cattleyanum (World Plants : Psidium cattleianum), commonly known as Cattley guava, strawberry guava or cherry guava, is a small tree (2–6 m tall) in the Myrtaceae (myrtle) family. The species is named in honour of English horticulturist William Cattley.  Its genus name Psidium comes from the Latin psidion, or \"armlet.\" The red-fruited variety, P. cattleyanum var. cattleyanum,  is commonly known as purple guava, red cattley guava, red strawberry guava and red cherry guava. The yellow-fruited variety, P. cattleyanum var. littorale is variously known as yellow cattley guava, yellow strawberry guava, yellow cherry guava, lemon guava and in Hawaii as waiawī. Although P. cattleyanum has select economic uses, it is considered the most invasive plant in Hawaii.",
      "sections":"Psidium cattleyanum is a small, highly-branched tree that reaches a maximum height of 13 meters, although most individuals are between 2 and 4 m. P. cattleyanum has smooth, grey to reddish-brown bark, with oval to elliptical leaves that grow to 4.5 cm in length. It bears fruit when the plants are between 3 and 6 years old. This fruit has thin skin that ranges from yellow to a dark red or purple, is ovular in shape, and grows to around 4 cm in length. Its flowers grow either individually or in clusters of three, and each flower has five petals.\n\nP. cattleyanum reproduces through setting seed and through cloning. Clonally produced suckers tend to have a greater leaf area. Though native to Brazil, it is now distributed throughout many tropical regions. It was introduced in Hawaii as early as 1825 to create an agricultural market for its fruits, but it has yet to be a commercially viable product. It is now highly prevalent in tropical rain forest ecosystems due mainly to accidental transportation and its invasive plant properties.\n\nP. cattleyanum has modest economic impacts in Hawaii due to its edible fruits. However, products made from P. cattleyanum are not commercially available because of a lack of market and the heavy presence of fruit flies. This renders the fruits inedible soon after they are picked. Its seeds have many health benefits, including antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial properties in addition to a high amount of vitamin C.\n\nP. cattleyanum occurs primarily in mesic tropical rainforest environments at an elevation of up to 1300m, but is found primarily below 800m. Its native range is restricted to the Amazonian Basin in Brazil, but it has established in many other tropical areas of similar characteristics.\n\nP. cattleyanum does not dominate plant communities in its native range. But, it is invasive due to its robust tolerance to many different environments. P. cattleyanum is prevalent in both undisturbed and highly disturbed roadside habitats in its invasive range. Its invasive quality may be explained by a high amount of genetic variation, as variants of different fruit colors cluster at different elevations. Additionally, P. cattleyanum is both very shade-tolerant and able to withstand soils with a moderate to high pH level. It is also capable of withstanding heavy leaf litter and responding to bending or breaking of its branches by generating vigorous shoots.\n\nP. cattleyanum is often associated with invasive feral pigs The two species are often found near each other, most likely because feral pigs aid in the spread of P. cattleyanum. The pigs disturb habitats by digging in the soil, making it easier for P. cattleyanum seeds to reach the soil. Additionally, feral pigs may ingest the fruits, whose seeds reach the soil in the scat of the feral pigs.\n\nPreliminary research suggests that P. cattleyanum is allelopathic, as its roots have been found to inhibit the growth of at least two other plant species when soil pH was not a factor.\n\nNative to Brazil where it is known as araçá (ara-SAH) and adjacent tropical South America, it is closely related to common guava (P. guajava), and like that species is a widespread, highly invasive species in tropical areas throughout the Indian and Pacific Oceans. It also occupies humid subtropical forests such as in the Azores, though it is not as invasive there. It tends to form dense, monotypic stands which prevent regrowth of native species, and is very difficult to eradicate; it also provides refuge for fruit flies which cause extensive agricultural damage.  It is able to propagate quickly due to the spread of its seed, which occurs as its seeds fall and as birds and feral pigs transport fruits, as well as through its root sprouts.\n\nIt was introduced to many of the areas it now invades due to human usage as a crop for its edible fruit.\n\nCattley guava is sporadically naturalised in coastal areas of Queensland and northern New South Wales. It is also naturalised on Lord Howe Island, Norfolk Island and Christmas Island (Navie 2004; Queensland Herbarium 2008). The yellow variety bears even more heavily than the red and generally has larger fruit.\n\nP. cattleyanum grows effectively in undisturbed areas, complicating restoration efforts in sensitive habitats. Its ubiquity in damaged ecosystems further muddles management due to its high dispersal from these less-sensitive habitats to more fragile habitats.\n\nP. cattleyanum acts as an invasive by creating dense thickets that crowd out sunlight, limiting the potential for other plant species to coexist. Its ability to thrive in a variety of different habitats under many different ecological conditions threatens native flora of many different habitat types. Additionally, its potential allelopathic qualities further complicate the ability of other plant species to coexist.\n\nGuava is also one of the most invasive species on Réunion where it is a threat to the endemic forests.\n\nA variety of management strategies have been applied to P. cattleyanum management efforts due to its ubiquity and the various ways it spreads. Despite the great threat that P. cattleyanum poses to many tropical ecosystems, some studies indicate that isolated groups can be totally eradicated after three to four years of proper management applications, such as cutting and burning mature individuals and applying herbicide to stumps. However, continued follow-up management is necessary indefinitely after a period of high-intensity restoration. This management strategy, known as the “special ecological areas,” is one of the strongest ways of controlling plant species over time. It works by focusing wood removal, burning, and other management efforts in the designated efforts.\n\nFeral pigs and non-native birds contribute to the spread of P. cattleyanum via seed dispersal. Thus, some control efforts involve removal and control of invasive fauna. However, results from such efforts are often unsuccessful due to the lack of dependence upon the animals for dispersal, as germination occurs under a wide variety of conditions.\n\nAnother management technique is the introduction of insects that act as parasites on the invasive plants. This biological control approach is used because certain insects cause damage to P. cattleyanum in a way that either prevents the tree from reproducing or kills them outright. Most of the proposed insects infect the tree with bud or leaf galls, effectively preventing fruit growth or photosynthesis. For example, Dasineura gigantea caused bud galls that inhibited shoot growth. The Brazilian Scale is a potential biological control agent used  in Florida, and Hawaii. However, some insects cannot be used due to the potential for certain species to attack more than P. cattleyanum. Once such species, the sawfly (Haplostegus epimelas), attacked commercially produced guava plants in addition to invasive P. cattleyanum.\n\nThe whole fruit can be eaten as both the thin skin and juicy interior are soft and tasty. It can also be used to make jam and juices. The skin is often removed for a sweeter flavour. The seeds are small and white in colour. Its leaves may be brewed for tea. The wood of the tree is hard, compact, durable, and resistant, and is used for lathe work, tool handles, charcoal, and firewood. The plant is indispensable for mixed planting in reforestation of reclaimed and protected areas in Brazil.\n\nNecklaces are reported to be handcrafted in Tanzania by tying together beads made of individual fruits."
    },{
      "name":["Bacteriovorax"],
      "introduction":"\n\nBacteriovorax is a genus containing a single species of bacterium in the family Bacteriovoracaceae, Bacteriovorax stolpii. It is a predator that feeds on larger Gram-negative bacteria. These prey bacteria tend to live in enteric environments and have similar lipopolysaccharide structures. Bacteriovorax stolpii recognizes its prey by outer membrane protein receptors, which explains why Gram-positive bacteria that lack outer membranes do not serve as prey. They prey on bacteria by invading the interperiplasmic space where they feed, grow, and reproduce. Bacteriovorax stolpii used to be classified in the genus Bdellovibrio because of similar morphologies and lifestyle characteristics, however they were recognized as a new genus through phylogenetic analysis.",
      "sections":"The genera Bacteriovorax and Bdellovibrio share numerous morphological and lifestyle characteristics. Bacteriovorax and similar genera are recognized by their presence of sphingolipids, which are not widely distributed in prokaryotes. Bacteriovorax stolpii is known for the presence of sphinophosphonolipids in its membranes. The genome size of the genus Bacteriovorax has been noted from 2.0–2.6 Mb. Bacteriovorax is only predatory to Gram-negative bacteria, though they have been found in the gut of humans. Bacteriovorax and Bdellovibrio are approximately 0.2-0.4 x 0.5-1.4 μm, are aerobic, with oxygen as a terminal electron acceptor, and are mesophilic. They display a typical Gram-negative morphology and are motile by a single, polar, sheathed flagellum.\n\nThe description of Bacteriovorax stolpii is based on the original description by Seidler et al. Strain Uki2T is the only isolate described at this time and is the type strain of Bacteriovorax stolpii. This isolate has a GC content of 41±8 mol%. The optimal temperature range for growth of this organism is 15–35 °C. The major cellular fatty acids are 5:1ω8c13:0 and 13:0iso. Uki2T is sensitive to most antibiotics tested (penicillin, streptomycin, neomycin, kanamycin, gentamicin, methicillin, nalidixic acid, pteridine 0/129 and vancomycin).\n\nMembers of the Bacteriovorax exhibit the same general morphological and life cycle features as described for the genus Bdellovibrio. In addition, members of this genus exhibit a biphasic life cycle, with the potential of displaying an actively predacious form as well as a PI (predatory independent), saprophytic form capable of growing on nutrient medium. Prey-dependent (wild-type) strains are comma-shaped rods, 0±5–1±4 μm in length, which demonstrate a predatory lifestyle in the presence of susceptible prey bacteria. The wild-type strains are motile by a single, polar flagellum. PI cells (mutants) are pleomorphic, demonstrating a range of cell shapes from simple rods to long, tightly spiral shaped cells.\n\nMost bacteria that prey on Gram-negative bacteria were lumped together in the genus Bdellovibrio. This was done regardless of their isolation from various habitats and unstudied phylogenetic relatedness. The previously wide genus included differences in sodium chloride tolerance and %G+C content. Bacteriovorax stolpii and Bacteriovorax starrii were compared to Bdellovibrio bacteriovorus, the model bacterium for its genus, using 16S rDNA sequences and analyses. There was only 81.7% 16S rDNA sequence similarity between Bdellovibrio bacteriovorus and Bacteriovorax stolpii. DNA-DNA hybridization also only yielded <4% hybridization between the species. On these findings, the genus Bacteriovorax was created and Bacteriovorax stolpii and Bacteriovorax starrii moved into it. In 2015, Bacteriovorax marinus and Bacteriovorax litoralis were reclassified as Halobacteriovorax, leaving B. stolpii as the only species in the genus."
    },{
      "name":["Dendrodrilus rubidus"],
      "introduction":"\n\nDendrodrilus rubidus is a species of earthworm in the family Lumbricidae. It is native to Europe, and it is a widespread introduced species, occurring on every continent except Antarctica, as well as many islands. It is often invasive. It is sometimes used as fishing bait, and is marketed under many nonspecific names, including red wiggler, jumping red wiggler, red trout worm, jumbo red worm, and pink worm. Other common names include bank worm, tree worm, and gilt tail.",
      "sections":"This earthworm is 2 to 10 centimeters long and dark red in color with a yellowish or orange tail end.\n\nThis is an epigeic species, one which occurs on the soil surface in leaf litter and in the top layers of the soil, up to 10 centimeters deep. It prefers substrates rich in organic material, such as rotting wood and other plant matter, compost, peat, and manure. It occurs in many habitat types. It is common in the coniferous forests of its native range, and in cultivated soils. In North America it is often found in biological surveys of caves. It inhabits the organic soils of the nest mounds of the red wood ant (Formica aquilonia) in the forests of Finland, and it may help to keep the nests free of fungi. This earthworm is tolerant of soils with high levels of heavy metals and toxic semimetals. It has been observed in mine spoils contaminated with arsenic and in nickel- and copper-contaminated soils near smelting operations. It also tolerates acidic conditions, allowing it to thrive in the acidic litter of conifers.\n\nThe species has a high rate of reproduction, and can complete its life cycle in 75 days. There are morphs that reproduce sexually and by parthenogenesis, producing young without fertilization.\n\nWhile the worms themselves are sensitive to cold temperatures, the cocoons are very cold-hardy. They can stay viable over the winter in temperatures below −40 °C. In an experiment, 50% of a sample of cocoons kept at the temperature of liquid nitrogen (−196 °C) for 24 hours still had viable embryos. Their ability to survive such cold comes from their very low water content and the presence of cryoprotectant compounds such as sorbitol. In cold climates the adults die off and the cocoons overwinter, a new generation emerging when temperatures rise.\n\nThis is one of many European earthworms that are now familiar worldwide as introduced and sometimes invasive species. For example, the Upper Midwest region of the United States has no native earthworms today, the last native taxa having been extirpated during the Ice Age. With European settlers came European earthworm species such as D. rubidus, which now make up the local earthworm fauna. A similar pattern occurred on parts of the Russian Plain, which has a few native earthworms and many introduced species. D. rubidus and other exotic epigeic earthworms are considered invasive because they alter the composition and stratification of the leaf litter on the forest floor as they consume it; this alters the ecosystems involved with the various soil horizons, a change which has a cascading effect through other ecosystems.\n\nOne common way this species spreads is through the release of bait worms into the habitat. It is a \"nightcrawler\", an earthworm used as fishing bait, and one of several species sold in American bait shops as \"red wigglers\". It can often be found in shipments of worms labelled as another species, such as Lumbricus terrestris or L. rubellus. Bait worms are commonly lost and dumped in the habitat on fishing trips; sites of invasive populations are often near lakes. Exotic earthworms in general are also introduced when the cocoons are transported on vehicles and machinery, in ballast, and on the water itself.\n\nThere are no good control methods for exotic earthworms that do not have the potential to affect other organisms, so prevention of introductions is more important."
    },{
      "name":["Melilotus alba"],
      "introduction":"\n\nMelilotus albus, known as honey clover,[citation needed] white melilot (UK), Bokhara clover (Australia), white sweetclover (US), and sweet clover, is a nitrogen-fixing legume in the family Fabaceae. Melilotus albus is considered a valuable honey plant and source of nectar and is often grown for forage. Its characteristic sweet odor, intensified by drying, is derived from coumarin.\n\nMelilotus albus is of Eurasian origin but can now be found throughout the subtropical to temperate zones, especially in North America, and is common in sand dune, prairie, bunchgrass, meadow, and riparian habitats. This species is listed as an \"exotic pest\" in Tennessee, \"ecologically invasive\" in Wisconsin, and a \"weed\" in Kentucky and Quebec.",
      "sections":"Melilotus albus is an annual or biennial legume that can reach 2.5 m (8 ft 2 in) in height. The light green stems are round or slightly terete (furrowed on all sides), glabrous (smooth), and often branched. The 1/2 - 2 inch long alternate leaves are trifoliate and sparsely distributed along the stem and alternate in arrangement. The upper stems terminate in narrow racemes of white flowers about 2-6 inches long that have a tendency to hang downward from the central stalk of the raceme. Each flower is about 1⁄3 inch (8.5 mm) long, consisting of 5 white petals and a light green calyx with 5 teeth. Flowers are small, floppy, tubular at the base and become broader toward the outer edges and wing and keel petals are about equal in length. The ovoid seedpods are black to dark grey, smooth or slightly reticulated and about 0.3 inches long (3-4mm). Each pod usually contains one, but sometimes two, yellow seeds that are ovate to kidney-shaped. Plants generally flower and die during the second year of growth. The blossoming period occurs from early summer to fall, reaching its peak during mid-summer, and lasts for about 1–2 months for a colony of plants. An extensive root system of deep taproots imparts resistance to summer drought. The roots of M. albus are associated with nitrogen-fixing bacteria.\n\nLike white sweetclover, yellow sweetclover (Melilotus officinalis) is erect, tall, and branching, but is distinguished by yellow rather than white flowers. Though they share most botanical characteristics, yellow sweetclover is typically found in drier habitats and has a tendency to bloom about 2–4 weeks earlier than white sweetclover. Some authorities regard white and yellow sweetclover as the same species, in which case white sweetclover is referred to as Melilotus officinalis alba; however, most consider them to be separate species.\n\nSweetclover seedlings closely resemble those of alfalfa, but may be distinguished from alfalfa by the absence of pubescence on the underside of the leaves and by their bitter taste.\n\nWhite sweetclover is native to much of Asia and southern Europe, from France and Spain to Kazakhstan and Myanmar, and also northeastern Africa.\n\nM. albus has been introduced from Eurasia into South Africa, North and South America, New Zealand, Australia, and Tasmania, as well as many parts of Europe outside its native range. In the US, the species is considered most common in the upper Midwest and Great Plains regions, including Kentucky, Nebraska, Tennessee and Wisconsin.\n\nWhite sweetclover was brought to North America as early as 1664 as a forage crop. Since then, it has spread from cultivation and thrives in waste places and roadsides. White sweetclover is found in every state in the United States and all but 2 Canadian provinces. It establishes in aspen woodlands and prairies in Canada and the lower 48 states and riparian communities in Alaska. The early spread of M. albus was probably facilitated by beekeepers and agriculturalists, as it can be an important fodder crop and food source for honey bees, and it was brought to Alaska in 1913 as a potential forage and nitrogen (N) fixing crop.\n\nWhile it has a preference for full sun, slightly moist to dry conditions, and calcareous clay-loam or gravelly soil, M. albus is adapted to a wide range of climatic conditions and will grow in practically all soil types, including soils with very low nutrient levels, fine, and course-textured soils (though its size varies considerably with the moisture and fertility of the soil). Sweetclover is adapted to pH levels ranging from 5.0 to 8.0, is salt-tolerant, drought resistant, and winter-hardy. With a range that extends as far north as the Yukon and North West Territories in Canada and Alaska in the United States, M. albus occupies habitats with extreme weather, with rainfall being below 170 mm in some places and almost 4000 mm in others, and with the annual temperature in inland Alaska as low as -3.3 degrees Celsius. M. albus is drought tolerant due to long taproots and only requires adequate moisture for germination. It is then capable of development under extremely dry conditions.\n\nHowever, M. albus is poorly suited for acid soils, is shade-intolerant, and cannot withstand prolonged flooding, though it is occasionally found on gravelly, open river banks subject to periodic flooding (e.g. in Southern Ontario, Canada).\n\nM. albus can be found in limestone glades, thinly wooded bluffs, prairies, weedy meadows, and also open, disturbed sites, riparian areas, prairies, agronomic fields, pastures, roadsides, ditches, vacant lots, and in waste lands. It often grows where soil moisture is abundant, (e.g. southern California), and early in the succession or recently disturbed or bare sites.\n\nWhite sweetclover has high seed germination rates. Most germination and development occurs in spring - temperatures of less than 59 degrees F are optimal for germination.\n\nLike other Melilotus spp., M. albus is a nitrogen-fixing plant, forming root nodules with rhizobium bacteria.\n\nWhite and yellow sweetclover are considered valuable honey plants, and the foliage and seeds are consumed by wildlife. They are frequently cultivated for livestock forage and as a cover crop.\n\nMelilotus albus has been promoted in Australia for use on dryland soils affected by salinity.\n\nIt has been used in herbal medicine. It includes dicoumarol, which is an anticoagulant. It also has a high sugar content.\n\nWhite sweetclover is listed as an \"exotic pest\" in Tennessee, \"ecologically invasive\" in Wisconsin, and a \"weed\" in Kentucky and Quebec. It has formed large monospecific stands along rivers in the southeast, southcentral, and interior Alaska, and extensive infestations of white sweetclover have been found on the Stikine, Nenana, and Matanuska Rivers. M. albus is typically more problematic or invasive in northern rather than southern temperate US grasslands, notably in the upper Midwest and Great Plains regions.\n\nIt is for its high value as a fodder crop that the risk of deliberate introduction to further countries is high. Seeds of M. albus are also sometimes introduced as impurities in seeds of other crops such as lucerne (Medicago sativa). M. albus is highly likely to be transported internationally both accidentally and deliberately, difficult to identify/detect as a commodity contaminant, and its seeds can persist in the ground for several decades and remain viable. Due to the long viability of seeds, sites must be monitored for many years following control actions.\n\nSeefeldt et al. (2010) observed that moose ingest and spread viable seeds of M. albus and suggested that control of new infestations might be best carried out by following moose trails and monitoring for new patches of the weed.\n\nM. albus has typical weedy attributes such as prolific seed production, persistence and presence along roadsides and railways, and as a result can negatively impact ecosystem services, wildlife habitats, and agriculture. White sweetclover degrades natural grassland communities by overtopping and shading native species. In the US, many studies have shown that M. albus adversely affects native grass and forb recruitment and growth, as well as restricting the establishment and growth of woody plant species. M. albus is a particular threat to prairies because it easily invades open areas and may compete for resources with native species. It is also undesirable on prairie reserves because it is a highly visible exotic when in flower. Additionally, M. albus can reduce native seedling recruitment along glacial river floodplains by directly competing with native plants for light and has the potential to alter sedimentation rates of river ecosystems.\n\nAs a nitrogen fixer, M. albus also has the potential to alter the soil nutrient status and modify the environment in nitrogen-poor ecosystems, often making them more attractive to other invasive species. M. albus and M. officinalis have been shown to increase the number of exotic species and decrease native species in montane grasslands.\n\nIn addition to fixing nitrogen and thus affecting edaphic conditions, this species offers considerable nectar and pollen resources to floral visitors with an extremely high number of flowers per plant [up to 350,000], particularly in comparison to native boreal insect-pollinated plants that offer less pollen and nectar rewards. As a result, M. albus invasions could also alter plant communities by changing the pollination and reproductive success of native boreal plants.\n\nAs with many weedy invasive species that can invade native or improved grasslands, the best method of prevention is to maintain healthy natural communities or pastures/grasslands whose vegetation is disturbed as little as possible. The establishment and maintenance of a uniform, tall and vigorous perennial community can help resist the advance of species like M. albus. In natural areas, it has been shown that establishing a cover of desirable perennial species can eliminate white sweetclover in ± 2 years.\n\nWhite sweetclover can be managed using mechanical controls such as pulling, cutting, and mowing, but several treatments will be necessary each year until the seedbank is exhausted, and these techniques have given mixed results, sometimes reducing population size and seed production but sometimes dispersing the seed even more widely. Hand pulling can be used for control, but is usually only effective on very small, isolated populations, and is most effective when the ground is soft enough that the root can be removed.\n\nPreliminary results from interior Alaska suggest that cutting second-year (flowering) plants at 1 inch or less in height and pulling first-year plants along with several inches of belowground material would provide effective control. If first-year plants are cut, they will resprout in the same year and could be cut again at a later time.\n\nOn some state lands in North Dakota that are not under management for prescribed burns, management procedure has been to mow in late spring/early summer. This generally reduces but does not prevent seed set, as flowering shoots can resprout from axils below the mow height. A power brush cutter can be used to cut the plants close to the ground before flowering.\n\nLittle information is available on grazing effects on sweetclover, but observations at the Ordway Prairie in South Dakota suggest that bison tend to avoid it while cattle consume it quite readily. Researchers recommend a May burn followed by grazing in September–October, but a high stocking rate is required.\n\nFire can have very mixed effects on M. albus. Burning can kill some existing plants but often stimulates seed germination when moisture conditions become favorable. The plant is well adapted to survive fire, especially in its second year. In addition, even if the plants themselves are killed by fire, the seeds can survive for long periods in the soil and their germination is stimulated by heat. Furthermore, the new seedlings take advantage of the lack of competition after fire has passed through an area. Though fire has been used successfully in the Midwestern states to stimulate germination, followed by a second burn to eliminate seedlings, attempts to recreate this effect in Alaska have been unsuccessful. While burning can be used to control the species if dormant-season fires used to promote germination of its seed are followed by growing-season fires to kill second-year plants and prevent seed production, this control method will also reduce native forbs.\n\nBiological control options have not been investigated because the plant is valued as a forage crop, although White et al. (1999) suggested that the American native sweetclover weevil (Sitona cylindricollis) may provide some control when present in large numbers.\n\nTurkington et al. (1978) reported that Melilotus species are extremely sensitive to damage from widely used herbicides such as 2,4-D, MCPA, MCPB, 2,4-DB and dicamba, although it becomes harder to kill by its second year.\n\nIn Alaska, where M. officinalis is proving invasive, Conn and Seefeldt (2009) tested different herbicides in both glasshouse and field for their effectiveness. In the field they found that chlorsulfuron both reduced plant biomass and prevented seed production. Although clopyralid, 2,4-D and triclopyr reduced biomass, results using these chemicals varied from year to year."
    },{
      "name":["Eichhornia crassipes"],
      "introduction":"\n\nPontederia crassipes (formerly Eichhornia crassipes), commonly known as common water hyacinth, is an aquatic plant native to South America, naturalized throughout the world, and often invasive outside its native range. It is the sole species of the subgenus Oshunae within the genus Pontederia. Anecdotally, it is known as the \"terror of Bengal\" due to its invasive growth tendencies.",
      "sections":"Water hyacinth is a free-floating perennial aquatic plant (or hydrophyte) native to tropical and subtropical South America. With broad, thick, glossy, ovate leaves, water hyacinth may rise above the surface of the water as much as 1 m (3 ft) in height. The leaves are 10–20 cm (4–8 inches) across on a stem, which is floating by means of buoyant bulb-like nodules at its base above the water surface. They have long, spongy, bulbous stalks. The feathery, freely hanging roots are purple-black. An erect stalk supports a single spike of 8–15 conspicuously attractive flowers, mostly lavender to pink in colour with six petals. When not in bloom, water hyacinth may be mistaken for frogbit (Limnobium spongia) or Amazon frogbit (Limnobium laevigatum).\n\nOne of the fastest-growing plants known, water hyacinth reproduces primarily by way of runners or stolons, which eventually form daughter plants. Each plant additionally can produce thousands of seeds each year, and these seeds can remain viable for more than 28 years. Common water hyacinths are vigorous growers, and mats can double in size in one to two weeks. In terms of plant count rather than size, they are said to multiply by more than a hundredfold in number in a matter of 23 days.\n\nIn their native range, the flowers are pollinated by long-tongued bees, and the plants can reproduce both sexually and clonally. The invasiveness of the hyacinth is related to its ability to clone itself, and large patches are likely to all be part of the same genetic form.\n\nWater hyacinth has three flower morphs and is termed \"tristylous\". The flower morphs are named for the length of their pistils: long (L), medium (M), and short (S). Tristylous populations are, however, limited to the native lowland South American range of water hyacinth; in the introduced range, the M-morph prevails, with the L-morph occurring occasionally and the S-morph is absent altogether. This geographical distribution of the floral morphs indicates that founder events have played a prominent role in the species' worldwide spread.\n\nIts habitat ranges from tropical desert to subtropical or warm, temperate desert to rainforest zones. The temperature tolerance of the water hyacinth is:\n\nIts pH tolerance is estimated at 5.0–7.5. Leaves are killed by frost and plants do not tolerate water temperatures more than 34 °C (93 °F). Water hyacinths do not grow where the average salinity is greater than 15% that of sea water (around 5 g salt per kg). In brackish water, its leaves show epinasty and chlorosis, and eventually die. Rafts of harvested water hyacinth have been floated to the sea, which kills it.\n\nAzotobacter chroococcum, a species of nitrogen-fixing bacteria, is probably concentrated around the bases of the petioles, but the bacteria do not fix nitrogen unless the plant is suffering extreme nitrogen deficiency.\n\nFresh plants contain prickly crystals. This plant is reported to contain hydrogen cyanide, alkaloids, and triterpenoids, and may induce itching. Plants sprayed with 2,4-dichlorophenoxyacetic acid (2,4-D) may accumulate lethal doses of nitrates and other harmful elements in polluted environments.[citation needed]\n\nWater hyacinth grows and reproduces quickly, so it can cover large portions of ponds and lakes. It can easily coexist with other invasive plants and native plants in an area. Particularly vulnerable are bodies of water that have already been affected by human activities, such as artificial reservoirs or eutrophied lakes that receive large amounts of nutrients. It outcompetes native aquatic plants, both floating and submerged. In 2011, Wu Fuqin et al. tracked the results of Yunnan Dianchi Lake and also showed that water hyacinth could affect the photosynthesis of phytoplankton, submerged plants, and algae by water environment quality and inhibit their growth. The decay process depletes dissolved oxygen in the water, often killing fish.\n\nWater hyacinth can absorb a large amount of harmful heavy metals and other substances. After death, it rots and sinks to the bottom of the water, causing secondary pollution to the water body, destroying the natural water quality, and may even affect the quality of residents' drinking water in severe cases. Water where water hyacinth grows heavily is often a breeding place for disease vectors (e.g. mosquitoes and snails) and harmful pathogens, posing a potential threat to the health of local residents. It is very critical to monitor areas quickly that are infested in order to efficiently reduce or control the growth of these species.On the other hand, water hyacinth can also provide a food source for goldfish, keep water clean and help to provide oxygen.\n\nThe invasion of water hyacinth also has socioeconomic consequences. Since water hyacinth is composed of up to 95% water, its evapotranspiration rate is high. As such, small lakes that have been covered with the species can dry out and leave communities without adequate water or food supply. In some areas, dense mats of water hyacinth prevent the use of a waterway, leading to the loss of transportation (both human and cargo), as well as a loss of fishing possibilities. Large sums of money are allocated to the removal of water hyacinth from the water bodies as well as figuring out how to destroy the remains harvested. Harvesting water hyacinth mechanically requires considerable effort. A million tons of fresh biomass would require 75 trucks with a capacity of 40 m3, per day, for 365 days to get rid of it. The water hyacinth would then be transferred to a dumping site and allowed to decompose, which releases CO2, methane, and nitrogen oxides.\n\nWater hyacinth has been widely introduced in North America, Europe, Asia, Australia, Africa, and New Zealand. In many areas, it has become an important and pernicious invasive species. In New Zealand, it is listed on the National Pest Plant Accord, which prevents it from being propagated, distributed, or sold. In large water areas such as Louisiana, the Kerala Backwaters in India, Tonlé Sap in Cambodia, and Lake Victoria, it has become a serious pest. The common water hyacinth has become an invasive plant species on Lake Victoria in Africa after it was introduced into the area in the 1980s.\n\nA 1.22 Gb/8 chromosome reference genome was assembled to study nuclear and chloroplast genomes between 10 water hyacinth lines from 3 continents. Results indicating the spread of a limited genotype of water hyacinth from South America, where it has the highest genetic diversity. The paper proposing the spread potentially originating from ships travelling from Itajaí Port on the Brazilian East Coast.  Although genetic studies on samples from Bangladesh and Indonesia demonstrate different genotypes, potentially implicating multiple introductions to the introduced range.\n\nFurther, the genomic study also revealed the adaptation in four key pathways; plant-pathogen interaction, plant-hormone signal transduction, photosynthesis and abiotic stress tolerance, which provide water hyacinth to expand its niche and compete with other native flora \n\nVarious accounts are given as to how the water hyacinth was introduced to the United States.[a]\n\nThe claim that the water hyacinth was introduced to the U.S. in 1884 at the World's Fair in New Orleans, also known as the World Cotton Centennial, has been characterized as the \"first authentic account\", as well as \"local legend\".\n\nAt some point, a legend arose that the plants had been given away as a gift by a Japanese delegation at the fair. This claim is absent in a pertinent article published in a military engineer's trade journal dating to 1940,[b] but appears in a piece penned in 1941 by the director of the wildlife and fisheries division at the Louisiana Department of Conservation, where the author writes, \"the Japanese government maintained a Japanese building\" at the fair, and the \"Japanese staff imported from Venezuela considerable numbers of water hyacinth, which were given away as souvenirs\".[c] The claim has been repeated by later writers, with various shifts in the details. Thus National Academy of Sciences fellow Noel D. Vietmeyer (1975) wrote that \"Japanese entrepreneurs\" introduced the plant into the U.S., and the plants had been \"collected from the Orinoco River in Venezuela.\" This claim was echoed by a pair of NASA researchers (Wolverton & McDonald 1979), who asserted that the souvenir plants were carelessly dumped in various waterways. Canadian biologist Spencer C. H. Barrett (2004) meanwhile favored the theory they were first cultivated in garden ponds, after which they multiplied and escaped to the environs. The account gains different details as told by children's story-teller Carole Marsh (1992), who says \"Japan gave away water hyacinth seeds\" during the exposition, and another Southern raconteur, Gaspar J. \"Buddy\" Stall (1998), assured his readership that the Japanese gave each family a package of those seeds.\n\nOne paper has also inquired into the role which catalog sales of seeds and plants may have played in the dissemination of invasive plants.  P. crassipes was found to have been offered in the 1884 issue of Bordentown, New Jersey-based Edmund D. Sturtevant's Catalogue of Rare Water Lilies and Other Choice Aquatic Plants, and Haage & Schmidt [de] of Germany has offered the plant since 1864 (when the firm was founded). By 1895, it was offered by seed purveyors in the states of New Jersey, New York, California, and Florida.[d]\n\nHarper's Weekly magazine (1895) printed an anecdotal account stating that a certain man from New Orleans collected and brought home water hyacinths from Colombia, around 1892, and the plant proliferated in a matter of 2 years.\n\nAs the hyacinths multiply into mats, they eliminate the presence of fish, and choke waterways for boating and shipping. This effect was well underway in the state of Louisiana by the turn of the 20th century.\n\nThe plant invaded Florida in 1890, and an estimated 50 kg/m2 of the plant mass choked Florida's waterways. The clogging of the St. Johns River was posing a serious threat, and in 1897 the government dispatched a task force of the United States Army Corps of Engineers to solve the water hyacinth problem plaguing Gulf states such as Florida and Louisiana.[e]\n\nThus, in the early 20th century, the U.S. War Department (i.e., the Army Corps of Engineers) tested various means of eradicating the plants, including the jet-streaming of steam and hot water, application of various strong acids, and application of petroleum followed by incineration.[f] Spraying with saturated salt solution (but not dilute solutions) effectively killed the plants; unfortunately this was considered prohibitively expensive, and the engineers selected Harvesta brand herbicide, whose active ingredient was arsenic acid, as the optimal cost-effective tool for eradication. This herbicide was used until 1905, when it was substituted with a different, white arsenic-based compound. An engineer charged with the spraying did not think the poison to be a matter of concern, stating that the crew of the spraying boat would routinely catch fish from their working areas and consume them. However, spraying had little hope of completely eradicating the water hyacinth, due to the vastness of escaped colonies and the inaccessibility of some of the infested areas, and the engineer suggested that some biological means of control may be needed.\n\nIn 1910, a bold solution was put forth by the New Foods Society. Their plan was to import and release hippopotamus from Africa into the rivers and bayous of Louisiana. The hippopotamus would then eat the water hyacinth and also produce meat to solve another serious problem at the time, the American meat crisis.\n\nKnown as the American Hippo Bill, H.R. 23621 was introduced by Louisiana Congressman Robert Broussard and debated by the Agricultural Committee of the U.S. House of Representatives. The chief collaborators in the New Foods Society and proponents of Broussard's bill were Major Frederick Russell Burnham, the celebrated American Scout, and Captain Fritz Duquesne, a South African Scout who later became a notorious spy for Germany. Presenting before the Agricultural Committee, Burnham made the point that none of the animals that Americans ate (chickens, pigs, cattle, sheep, or lambs) were native to the U.S. and had all been imported by European settlers centuries before, so Americans should not hesitate to introduce hippopotamus and other large animals into the American diet. Duquesne, who was born and raised in South Africa, further noted that European settlers on that continent commonly included hippopotamus, ostrich, antelope, and other African wildlife in their diets and suffered no ill effects. The American Hippo Bill fell one vote short of passage.\n\nWater hyacinths have also been introduced into waters inhabited by manatees in Florida, for the purpose of bioremediation (cf. §Phytoremediation below) of the waters that have become contaminated and fallen victim to algal blooming. The manatees include the water hyacinth in their diet, but it may not be the food of first choice for them.\n\nIn 1956, E. crassipes was banned for sale or shipment in the United States, subject to a fine and/or imprisonment. This law was repealed by HR133 [116th Congress (2019–2020)] on 12/27/2020.\n\nThe water hyacinth may have been introduced into Egypt in the late 18th to early 19th century during Muhammad Ali of Egypt's era, but was not recognized as an invasive threat until 1879. The invasion into Egypt is dated between 1879 and 1892 by Brij Gopal.\n\nThe plant (Afrikaans: waterhiasint) arguably invaded South Africa in 1910, although earlier dates have been claimed.[g] A waterbody extensively threatened by water hyacinth is the Hartebeespoort Dam near Brits in North West Province.\n\nThe plant was introduced by Belgian colonists to Rwanda to beautify their holdings. It then advanced by natural means to Lake Victoria, where it was first sighted in 1988. There, without any natural enemies, it has become an ecological plague, suffocating the lake, diminishing the fish reservoir, and hurting the local economies. It impedes access to Kisumu and other harbors.\n\nThe water hyacinth has also appeared in Ethiopia, where it was first reported in 1965 at the Koka Reservoir and in the Awash River, where the Ethiopian Electric Light and Power Authority has managed to bring it under moderate control at considerable cost of human labor. Other infestations in Ethiopia include many bodies of water in the Gambela Region, the Blue Nile from Lake Tana into Sudan, and Lake Ellen near Alem Tena. By 2018, it has become a serious problem on Lake Tana in Ethiopia.\n\nThe water hyacinth is also present on the Shire River in the Liwonde National Park in Malawi.\n\nThe water hyacinth was introduced to Bengal, India, because of its ornamental flowers and shapes of leaves, but became an invasive weed, draining oxygen from the water bodies and resulting in devastation of fish stocks. The water hyacinth was referred to as the \"(beautiful) blue devil\" in Bengal and \"Bengal terror\" elsewhere in India; it was called \"German weed\" (Bengali: Germani pana) in Bangladesh out of belief the German Kaiser submarine mission was involved in introducing them at the outbreak of World War I. Concerted efforts were made to eradicate water hyacinths, which affected navigability in Bengal's rivers. The Bengal Water Hyacinth Act, 1936 prohibited the cultivation of the plants. By 1947, the problem was resolved, and navigability was restored to the rivers, although the plants still exist in wetlands. Water hyacinths were called \"Japanese trouble\" in Sri Lanka because there was a rumor that the British had planted them to entice Japanese aircraft to land on the insecure pads.\n\nThe plant entered Japan in 1884 for horticultural appreciation, according to conventional wisdom, but a researcher devoted to the study of the plant has discovered that ukiyo-e artist Utagawa Kunisada (or Utagawa Toyokuni III, d. 1865) produced a wood-block print featuring the water hyacinth, goldfish, and beautiful women, dated to 1855. The plant is floated on the water surface of filled (glassware) fishbowls or glazed earthenware waterlily pots (hibachi pots serving as substitute).\n\nIn the 1930s, water hyacinth was introduced into China as a feed, ornamental plant, and sewage-control plant, and it was widely planted in the south as an animal feed. Beginning in the 1980s, with the rapid development of China's inland industry, the eutrophication of inland waters has intensified. With the help of its efficient asexual reproduction and environmental adaptation mechanisms, water hyacinth began to spread widely in river basins. The hyacinths has blocked rivers and hindered water traffic. For example, many waterways in Zhejiang and other provinces have been blocked by the rapidly growing water hyacinth. In addition, a large number of water hyacinths floating in the water block sunlight from entering the water, and its decay consumes dissolved oxygen in the water, pollutes water quality, and can kill other aquatic plants. The outbreak of water hyacinth has seriously affected the biodiversity of the local ecosystem and threatened the production, life, and health of community residents.\n\nIn 2016, the European Union banned any sales of the water hyacinth in the EU. The species features on the list of Invasive Alien Species of Union Concern. This means that not only the sales but also importation, cultivation, or intentional release into the environment are forbidden in the whole of the European Union.\n\nIn Papua New Guinea, water hyacinth blocks sunlight to other aquatic organisms, creates habitat for malaria-carrying mosquitoes, clogs waterways to the point that boats cannot get through, and reduces the quality of water for purposes such as cooking, washing, and drinking. People have lost income or even died due to being unable to travel to get food or medical care, or due to diseases from contaminated water or mosquitoes.\n\nControl depends on the specific conditions of each affected location such as the extent of water hyacinth infestation, regional climate, and proximity to human and wildlife.\n\nChemical control is the least used of the three controls of water hyacinth, because of its long-term effects on the environment and human health. The use of herbicides requires strict approval from governmental protection agencies and skilled technicians to handle and spray the affected areas. The use of chemical herbicides is only used in case of severe infiltration of water hyacinth. However, the most successful use of herbicides is when it is used for smaller areas of infestation, because in larger areas, more mats of water hyacinths are likely to survive the herbicides and can fragment to further propagate a large area of water hyacinth mats. In addition, it is more cost-effective and less laborious than mechanical control, yet it can lead to environmental effects, as it can penetrate into the ground water system and can affect not only the hydrological cycle within an ecosystem, but also negatively affect the local water system and human health. Also of note, the use of herbicides is not strictly selective of water hyacinths; keystone species and vital organisms such as microalgae can perish from the toxins and can disrupt fragile food webs.\n\nThe chemical regulation of water hyacinths can be done using common herbicides such as 2,4-D, glyphosate, and diquat. The herbicides are sprayed on the water hyacinth leaves and leads to direct changes to the physiology of the plant. The use of the herbicide known as 2,4-D leads to the death of water hyacinth through inhibition of cell growth of new tissue and cellular apoptosis. Almost a two-week period may be needed before mats of water hyacinth are destroyed with 2, 4-D. Between 75,000 and 150,000 acres (30,000 and 61,000 ha) of water hyacinth and alligator weed are treated annually in Louisiana.\n\nThe herbicide known as diquat is a liquid bromide salt that can rapidly penetrate the leaves of the water hyacinth and lead to immediate inactivity of plant cells and cellular processes. The herbicide glyphosate has a lower toxicity than the other herbicides, so takes longer for the water hyacinth mats to be destroyed (about three weeks). The symptoms include steady wilting of the plants and a yellow discoloration of the plant leaves that eventually leads to plant decay.\n\nPhysical control is performed by land-based machines, such as bucket cranes, draglines, or boom, or by water-based machinery such as aquatic weed harvesters, dredges, or vegetation shredder. Mechanical removal is seen as the best short-term solution to the proliferation of the plant.\n\nA project on Lake Victoria in Africa used various pieces of equipment to chop, collect, and dispose of 1,500 hectares (3,700 acres) of water hyacinth in a 12-month period. It is, however, costly and requires the use of both land and water vehicles, but many years were needed for the lake to become in poor condition, and reclamation will be a continual process.[citation needed]\n\nIt can have an annual cost from $6 million to $20 million and is only considered a short-term solution to a long-term problem. Another disadvantage with mechanical harvesting is that it can lead to further fragmentation of water hyacinths when the plants are broken up by spinning cutters of the plant-harvesting machinery. The fragments of water hyacinth that are left behind in the water can easily reproduce asexually and cause another infestation.\n\nTransportation and disposal of the harvested water hyacinth is a challenge, though, because the vegetation is heavy in weight. The harvested water hyacinth can pose a health risk to humans because of the plant's propensity for absorbing contaminants, and it is considered toxic to humans. Furthermore, the practice of mechanical harvesting is not effective in large-scale infestations, because this aquatic invasive species grows much more rapidly than it can be eliminated. Only one to two acres (1⁄2 to 1 ha) of water hyacinth can be mechanically harvested daily because of the vast amounts in the environment. Therefore, the process is very time-intensive.\n\nAs chemical and mechanical removals are often too expensive, polluting, and ineffective, researchers have turned to biological control agents to deal with water hyacinth. The effort began in the 1970s, when USDA researchers released into the United States three species of weevils known to feed on water hyacinth, Neochetina bruchi, N. eichhorniae, and the water hyacinth borer Sameodes albiguttalis. The weevil species were introduced into the Gulf Coast states, such as Louisiana, Texas, and Florida, where thousands of acres were infested by water hyacinth. A decade later, a decrease was found in water hyacinth mats by as much as 33%, but because the lifecycle of the weevils is 90 days, the use of biological predation to efficiently suppress water hyacinth growth is limited. These organisms regulate water hyacinth by limiting its size,  vegetative propagation, and seed production. They also carry microorganisms that can be pathological to the water hyacinth. These weevils eat stem tissue, which results in a loss of buoyancy for the plant, which will eventually sink. Although meeting with limited success, the weevils have since been released in many other countries. However, the most effective control method remains the control of excessive nutrients and prevention of the spread of this species.[citation needed]\n\nIn May 2010, the USDA's Agricultural Research Service released Megamelus scutellaris as an additional biological control insect for the invasive water hyacinth species. M. scutellaris is a small planthopper insect native to Argentina. Researchers have been studying the effects of the biological control agent in extensive host-range studies since 2006 and concluded that the insect is highly host-specific and will not pose a threat to any other plant population other than the targeted water hyacinth. Researchers also hope that this biological control will be more resilient than existing biological controls and the herbicides that are already in place to combat the invasive water hyacinth. Another insect being considered as a biological control agent is the semiaquatic grasshopper Cornops aquaticum. This insect is specific to the water hyacinth and its family, and besides feeding on the plant, it introduces a secondary pathogenic infestation. This grasshopper has been introduced into South Africa in controlled trials.\n\nThe Rhodes University Centre for Biological Control is rearing M. scutellaris and the water hyacinth weevils N. eichhorniae and N. bruchi en masse for biological control at dams in South Africa, including the Hartbeespoort Dam. The moth Niphograpta albiguttalis (Warren) (Lepidoptera: Pyralidae) has been introduced to North America, Africa, and Australia. Larvae of this moth bore in the stems and flower buds of water hyacinth.\n\nSince water hyacinth is so prolific, harvesting it for various uses also serves as a means of environmental control.\n\nBecause of its extremely high rate of development, Pontederia crassipes is an excellent source of biomass. One hectare (2.5 acres) of standing crop thus produces more than 70,000 m3/ha (1,000,000 cu ft/acre) of biogas (70% CH4, 30% CO2). According to Curtis and Duke, one kg (2.2 lb) of dry matter can yield 370 litres (13 cu ft) of biogas, giving a heating value of 22,000 kJ/m3 (590 Btu/cu ft) compared to pure methane (895 Btu/ft3)\n\nWolverton and McDonald report approximately 0.2 m3/kg (3 cu ft/lb) methane,[h] indicating biomass requirements of 350 t/ha (160 short ton/acre) to attain the 70,000 m3/ha (1,000,000 cu ft/acre) yield projected by the National Academy of Sciences (Washington). Ueki and Kobayashi mention more than 200 t/ha (90 short ton/acre) per year. Reddy and Tucker found an experimental maximum of more than 1⁄2 tonne per hectare (1⁄4 short ton/acre) per day.\n\nBengali farmers collect and pile up these plants to dry at the onset of the cold season; they then use the dry water hyacinths as fuel. The ashes are used as fertilizer. In India, one tonne (1.1 short tons) of dried water hyacinth yields about 50 liters ethanol and 200 kg residual fiber (7,700 Btu). Bacterial fermentation of one tonne (1.1 short tons) yields 26,500 ft3 gas (600 Btu) with 51.6% methane (CH4), 25.4% hydrogen (H2), 22.1% carbon dioxide (CO2), and 1.2% oxygen (O2). Gasification of one tonne (1.1 short tons) dry matter by air and steam at high temperatures (800 °C or 1,500 °F) gives about 40,000 ft3 (1,100 m3) natural gas (143 Btu/ft3) containing 16.6% H2, 4.8% CH4, 21.7% CO (carbon monoxide), 4.1% CO2, and 52.8% N2 (nitrogen). The high moisture content of water hyacinth, adding so much to handling costs, tends to limit commercial ventures. A continuous, hydraulic production system could be designed, which would provide a better utilization of capital investments than in conventional agriculture, which is essentially a batch operation.\n\nThe labor involved in harvesting water hyacinth can be greatly reduced by locating collection sites and processors on impoundments that take advantage of prevailing winds. Wastewater treatment systems could also favorably be added to this operation. The harvested biomass would then be converted to ethanol, biogas, hydrogen, gaseous nitrogen, and/or fertilizer. The byproduct water can be used to irrigate nearby cropland.\n\n\n\nWater hyacinth removes arsenic from arsenic-contaminated drinking water. It may be a useful tool in removing arsenic from tube well water in Bangladesh.\n\nWater hyacinth is also observed to enhance nitrification in wastewater treatment cells of living technology. Their root zones are superb micro-sites for bacterial communities.\n\nWater hyacinth is a common fodder plant in the third world especially Africa though excessive use can be toxic. It is high in protein (nitrogen) and trace minerals and the goat feces are a good source of fertilizer as well.\n\nWater hyacinth is reported for its efficiency to remove about 60–80% nitrogen and about 69% of potassium from water. The roots of water hyacinth were found to remove particulate matter and nitrogen in a natural shallow eutrophicated wetland.\n\nThe plant is extremely tolerant of, and has a high capacity for, the uptake of heavy metals, including cadmium, chromium, cobalt, nickel, lead, and mercury, which could make it suitable for the biocleaning of industrial wastewater.\n\nThe roots of Pontederia crassipes naturally absorb some organic compounds believed to be carcinogenic, in concentrations 10,000 times that in the surrounding water. Water hyacinths can be cultivated for waste water treatment (especially dairy waste water).[failed verification]\n\nIn addition to heavy metals, Pontederia crassipes can also remove other toxins, such as cyanide, which is environmentally beneficial in areas that have endured gold-mining operations.\n\nWater hyacinth can take in and degrade ethion, a phosphorus pesticide.\n\nIn places where water hyacinth is invasive, overabundant, and in need of clearing away, these traits make it free for the harvesting, which makes it very useful as a source of organic matter for composting in organic farming. It is used internationally for fertilizer and as animal feed and silage for cattle, sheep, geese, pigs, and other livestock.\n\nIn Bengal, India the kachuri-pana has been used primarily for fertilizer, compost or mulch, and secondarily as fodder for livestock and fish. In Bangladesh, farmers in the southwestern region cultivate vegetables on \"floating gardens\" usually with a bamboo-built frame base, with dried mass of water hyacinth covered in soil as bedding. As a large portion of cultivable land goes under water for months during monsoon in this low-lying region, farmers have grown this method for many decades now. The method of this agriculture is known by many names including dhap chash and vasoman chash.\n\nIn Kenya, East Africa, it has been used experimentally as organic fertilizer, although there is controversy stemming from the high alkaline pH value of the fertilizer.\n\nIn various places in the world, the plant is used for making furniture, handbags, baskets, rope, and household goods/interior products (lampshades, picture frames) by businesses launched by NGOs and entrepreneurs.\n\nAmerican-Nigerian Achenyo Idachaba has won an award for showing how this plant can be exploited for profit as woven produts in Nigeria.\n\nThough a study found water hyacinths of very limited use for paper production, they are nonetheless being used for paper production on a small scale. Goswami pointed out in his article that water hyacinth has the potential to make tough and strong paper. He found that adding water hyacinth pulp to the raw material of bamboo pulp for anti-grease paper can increase the physical strength of paper.\n\nThe plant is used as a carotene-rich table vegetable in Taiwan. Javanese sometimes cook and eat the green parts and inflorescence. Vietnamese also cook the plant and sometimes add its young leaves and flower to their salads.\n\nIn Kedah (Malaysia), the flowers are used for medicating the skin of horses. The species is a \"tonic\".\n\nWater hyacinth leaf extract has been shown to exhibit phytotoxicity against another invasive weed Mimosa pigra. The extract inhibited the germination of M. pigra seeds in addition to suppressing the root growth of the seedlings. Biochemical data suggested that the inhibitory effects may be mediated by enhanced hydrogen peroxide production, inhibition of soluble peroxidase activity, and stimulation of cell wall-bound peroxidase activity in the root tissues of M. pigra."
    },{
      "name":["Cleome rutidosperma"],
      "introduction":"\n\nCleome ciliata Schumach. & Thonn.\n\nCleome rutidosperma, commonly known as fringed spider flower or purple cleome, is a species of flowering plant in the genus Cleome of the family Cleomaceae, native to tropical Africa. This species is an invasive weed throughout most lowland wet tropical areas of Asia and Australia. It is a very common weed of lawns.",
      "sections":"Cleome rutidosperma is a small herbaceous plant usually growing up to 50 to 70 cm (20 to 28 in) but can reach up to 1 m (3.3 ft) in height. The leaves are unipinnate or trifoliate.[citation needed]\n\nThe branching stems are covered in fine hairs that may cause itching if they come in contact with human skin.[citation needed]\n\nCleome rutidosperma grows rapidly and can produce numerous viable seeds quickly. Their seeds are produced inside pods that split open when dry. They are black in color and vary in size from 7 to 16 millimetres (0.28 to 0.63 in) in length. They also contain elaiosomes, fleshy structures rich in protein and lipids. The seeds are collected and stored underground by ants. The elaiosomes are eaten, but the seed remains untouched and will eventually sprout from underground. This hastens the spread of the plants.\n\nOther common names of C. rutidosperma include:\n\nCleome rutidosperma is native to West Africa, where its habitat is usually along coastal regions but can extend to inland areas. It has been introduced to other parts of the world and is now found in tropical and subtropical regions of Africa, Asia, America, the Pacific, and Oceania.\n\nCleome rutidosperma are usually found growing in recently disturbed soils, including gardens, roadsides, and fields. They can also grow as epiphytes on rock faces and trees.\n\nCleome rutidosperma is considered a weed. It has a moderate impact on field crops where it has been introduced.\n\nThe leaves of C. rutidosperma are edible and are eaten as food in Africa (particularly by pregnant or breast-feeding women) and in India (where the leaves are known as sag). They are also used in ethnomedicine for treating ear inflammation, convulsions, irritated skin, and malaria. The roots are also used as an antihelminthic, analgesic, and anti-inflammatory.\n\nMedical research have confirmed that C. rutidosperma exhibits moderate activity against Plasmodium falciparum. Studies have also shown potent activity of C. rutidosperma against arthritis."
    },{
      "name":["Xanthogaleruca luteola"],
      "introduction":"\n\nXanthogaleruca luteola, commonly known as the elm-leaf beetle, is a beetle species in the family Chrysomelidae that is native to Europe but invasive in other parts of the world.",
      "sections":"The imago (adult beetle) is 6–8 mm in length, and ranges from yellow to green in colour, with a spot on its head, an hourglass mark and two spots on the pronotum, and a broad, dark stripe along the edge of each elytron. The larvae are usually black, occasionally black and yellow, with multiple rows of dots on the back and on the sides and < 13 mm long. The pupae are orange-yellow with black chaetae.  The ova are yellow, and laid in spindle-like clusters of < 25 on the undersides of the elm leaves.\n\nThese beetles are common in the Western Palearctic realm from Portugal to Central Asia. \nIndigenous to Europe, they were accidentally introduced to North America and Australia, and are now widespread, and are serious pests in Australia and parts of North America.\n\nX. luteola is a serious pest of the elm. Both the adults and larvae feed on the emergent leaves of the elm. Repeated heavy infestation rarely kills the tree outright, but weakens it, rendering it vulnerable to disease. Falling branches encourage elm bark beetles (Scolytus multistriatus and S. schevyrewi) to proliferate; the beetles are vectors of Dutch elm disease.\n\nElm leaf beetles become active in the spring once temperatures rise above 52 °F (11 °C). In fact, weather is one of the most limiting factors in their population growth. A late spring freeze or long winter can kill off entire colonies. The imagines depart their hibernation sites (often houses), the females laying their ova on the underside of the elm leaves. The ova hatch after one week, and the larvae immediately feed on the underside of the leaves. This larval stage lasts between two and three weeks, at the end of which larvae migrate to the lower part of the trees in search of bark crevices in which to pupate. The next generation emerges in midsummer after two to three weeks' pupation, and begins feeding on the leaves. The female can lay about 800 ova, but this ovipositing may be interrupted by shortening of the photoperiod to less than 14 hours, inducing a brief feeding bout before the search for a hibernation site.\n\nHosts are known to include English elm (U. minor 'Atinia'), wych (Scots) elm (Ulmus glabra), American elm (Ulmus americana), Siberian elm (Ulmus pumila), and Chinese elm (Ulmus parvifolia), as well as complex hybrids such as 'Homestead'. The beetle has also been reported on Zelkova serrata.\n\nWhen X. luteola oviposits, U. minor releases plant volatiles which recruit the egg parasitoid Oomyzus gallerucae. U. minor is able to distinguish between oviduct secretions (small molecule proteinaceous compounds) and damage which occurs in the natural course of oviposition, releases different volatiles upon detection of the oviduct compounds. O. gallerucae is then able to distinguish between these different sets of volatiles and is only attracted to oviposition. Gravid X. luteola females also respond, but inversely: They are attracted to volatiles indicating undamaged and/or unoviposited Ulmus material. Gene expression studies have shown a large number of genes to be involved in the oviposition response process. (See Tritrophic interactions in plant defense.)\n\nJasmonic acid is released during gravid females' herbivory on Ulmus spp.\n\nThe first and most apparent symptoms are of skeletonization. During feeding, elm leaf beetle larvae skeletonize the leaves. They leave the outer edge and veins of the leaf intact, which gives the foliage a net-like appearance. Areas around the feeding site dry up and die, causing the leaf to drop prematurely. Adults, on the other hand, chew small, irregularly shaped holes in the expanding leaves. Trees that lose their leaves often develop a second set, only to have them consumed when the next generation is produced.\n\nIn North America, there are few natural enemies, but in Europe, the larva of the beetle are often heavily predated by the chalcidoid wasp Oomyzus gallerucae.\nInsecticide sprays are of little use since by the time the infestation is apparent, the application will be too late to be effective. However, tree trunks banded with insecticides can limit repetition the following year by killing the larvae as they descend before hibernation. Soil injection presents a non-invasive alternative to trunk injections with a 2-year effect on the X. luteola population.\n\nSince overwintering elm leaf beetles infest the homes of those close to an elm leaf beetle infestation, it is suggested that all cracks outside the house should be sealed. It is discouraged to use insecticides unless there are really heavy colonies.\n\nNearly all chemicals currently used commercially in Australia to treat Elm Leaf Beetle, regardless of brand name or delivery method, are neonicotinoid insecticides. This is the chemical type that has, from 2016 onward, a ban placed on it by the European Commission, owing to the association between the widespread use of these chemicals and their impact on bee populations."
    },{
      "name":["Nebria brevicollis"],
      "introduction":"\n\nNebria brevicollis, belonging to the Carabidae family, is a ground beetle. With nearly 500 species and over 100 subspecies, N. brevicollis is the most diverse genus within the Nebriini tribe of ground beetles. Members of the genus occupy a wide range of habitats. Nebria brevicollis is native to Europe and the Near East but has been introduced to the western United States and Canada. Its rapid expansion in North America is characteristic of an invasive species. Due to the variation in habitat, their diet consists of small arthropods (less than 4 mm in length) including Collembola, Diptera, earthworms, mites, and spiders.",
      "sections":"Nebria brevicollis has a dark brown body with reddish-brown tibiae, tarsi, palpi, and antennae. The pronotum features two lateral setae on each side and is densely punctuate across its base.\n\nThis species is most abundant between October and December, then from January through mid-May. It is of modest size, ranging in length from 10–14 mm. It has two sets of wings, protected by a hard shell that is black or dark brown. Only a few beetles have functional flight muscles. No sexual dimorphism has been observed between males and females. They are active at night.\n\nThese beetles are plentiful across the globe. In Europe, it is found in nearly all countries and islands.\n\nIn 2008, it was reported as introduced in western Oregon, United States, where it has been found in highly disturbed sites as well as in native old-growth forest stands. It has also now been found in Washington state and northern California, as well as in southern British Columbia, Canada. The rapid expansion of Nebria brevicollis in North America has caused researchers to question whether it meets the criteria of an invasive species. The rate of detection, and the rapid range expansion into Oregon, are characteristics of an invasive species. In addition, its presence has been documented extensively from Europe to North America and in diverse harsh environments from sea beaches to alpine caves. The ecological range these beetles exhibit is unrivaled by any other carabid species in Oregon.\n\nThe primary habitat is the cover of shaded leaf litter in deciduous forests; however, it can also be found in disturbed habitat such as parks, gardens, and agricultural lands.  In North America, it has found in the summits, forest and meadows of mountains (at over 1200 meters elevation). Unlike other members of Nebria, this species avoids moist areas.\n\nNebria brevicollis is an opportunistic predator. It is also an omnivore and feeds at night. N. brevicollis has been known to feed on Mollusca, earthworms, and small insects. N. brevicollis has also been found to eat other types of beetles in both their larval and imaginal stages of their life cycle. Additionally, N. brevicollis has been documented to eat different species of small flies, spiders, mites and earthworms. It has also been observed that the total body length is an important constraint in choosing a food source. Most of the beetles prey is less than 4 mm in length. Competition for food between Nebria brevicollis and Pterostichus algidus has been hypothesized. Foraging behavior includes walking up and down grass stalks and wandering over lupine leaves. Given their ability to forage both horizontally and vertically across space, they expand their prey resource pool. \n\nNebria brevicollishas can be found throughout the year; however, it is the most active during the months of June, July, and August. N. brevicollis undergo an intense feeding period, after which they enter diapause. The beetle then emerges for mating in the fall months. During the winter, the larvae of N. brevicollis are active and are seen late in the winter to early spring.\n\nBreeding is influenced by the quantity and quality of the food available. Egg production is influenced by the size of the beetle and diminishing food quantity prolongs the development of the larvae. To rear the fittest offspring, it will avoid conditions of low food supply by following a bimodal breeding curve. It will engage in inactive periods, lasting five to six weeks, prior to a female laying her eggs. The breeding life of females is 27 days. Most eggs take 17 days to hatch.\n\nResearch regarding the aggregation behavior of Harmonia axyridis, belonging to the same order as N. brevicollis, has demonstrated this social behavior to be advantageous in group living conditions. It can allow for interactivity between individuals, which can allow for further information transfer. Costs, such as increased competition for food, space, and reproduction, may be a consequence of aggregative behavior; however, the advantages associated with group living outweigh the costs for H. axyridis and likewise other beetles.\n\nFollowing diapause, the breeding season begins. Various theories have been brought forth concerning the diapause in N. brevicollis. It may allow beetles to avoid conditions of low food supply during the summer. Conditions of low food supply can negatively influence both the number of eggs produced and the viability of the eggs.\n\nLow feeding levels produce small beetles and thus unfavorable conditions during larval development. Secondly, it is hypothesized that diapause allows for the development of the gonads. Fat reserves are depleted for gonad maturation.\n\nDespite possessing large wings, Nebria brevicollis has limited flight potential, consistent with many other ground beetles. While all beetles have flight muscles that work antagonistically – when one shortens, the other stretches – only a small percentage are functional. In addition, the beetles with flight potential have a short flight period. The arrested development of the flight muscles, causing the inability to fly, may be an evolutionary choice. Rather than investing energy into the building of flight muscles, these beetles use their energy for the metabolic costs of larval growth.\n\nDispersers are individuals that are characterized by their ability to fly as a result of having functional flight muscles. Within the N. brevicollis species, dispersers have been observed to form under favorable laboratory condition.  Beetles that were fed in excess and kept at an ideal temperature, always emerged with flight muscles. The development of flight muscles took three weeks.\n\nAll beetles hatch with flight muscles. Whether the muscles become arrested or not depends on the amount of food available during larval development. Crowding, lack of food, and low temperatures will not produce dispersers. Physiologically, the breaking down of the flight muscles creates more room for the ovaries and the eggs within the abdomen of the beetle.\n\nIn a study published in 2012, researchers Ikeda, Nishikawa, and Sorta found evidence that the loss of flight within a species promotes beetle diversification. Using carrion beetles from the family Silphidae, researchers demonstrated higher genetic differentiation in flightless beetle species compared to flight-capable species. Flight ability can facilitate better mating and access to resources. However, the walking ability of N. brevicollis is high and does allow for the colonization of new habitats and exchange between local populations. There is an energetic cost associated with the maintaining of the flight muscles. The evolutionary loss of flight muscles has allowed for beetles to invest energy into other organs, such as those essential for survival and reproduction.\n\nWithin flightless species, researchers showed higher genetic differentiation compared to flight-capable species – a result of restricted gene flow between species. They further observed speciation rate within flightless populations to be higher than that of flight-capable ones. Thus, a higher number of genetically distinct lineages can be observed within flightless species. Flightless species is a common pattern among the different families of Coleoptera with Nebria brevicollis likely choosing to use its energy towards larval growth rather than the building of flight muscles.\n\nStudies have demonstrated associative learning in N. brevicollis, suggesting cognitive abilities that may increase fitness. The genotype, the physical and social environment, as well as the animal personality, influence one's interactions with the environment. Natural selection may act upon associative learning and personality traits, including boldness, aggressiveness, sociability, and exploratory tendencies.\n\nIn 2012, researchers Sih and Del Guidice constructed a model for 'fast' individual cognitive styles and 'slow' individual cognitive styles. Higher expressions of a trait are thought to increase an individual's likelihood for reward or allow for more acquisition of the environment while, simultaneously, increasing one's risk at the cost of accuracy. Greater exploratory behavior may be correlated with increased foraging success. 'Slow' cognitive styles individuals make fewer mistakes; however, are slower to acquire reward and knowledge.\n\nRecent studies regarding N. brevicollis have questioned whether variation in personality traits and associative learning ability are related. The grain beetle Tenebrio molitor and the carabid beetle Pterostichus melanarius have been shown to possess learning ability. Due to the wide range of habitat and diet of N. brevicollis, it has been proposed that learning ability may be favored by natural selection within the species. Researchers demonstrated that N. brevicollis exhibit associative learning ability and demonstrated exploratory behavior as a personality trait of these ground-dwellers.\n\nVarying selection pressures within different habitats has been hypothesized as an explanation for the relationship between personality and cognition. Compared to beetles collected from less urbanized areas, those in urban areas show increased exploratory behavior. In laboratory settings, N. brevicollis females exhibited a large variation in associative learning ability. It is likely that associative learning abilities are specific to one beetle's personality rather than across species population.\n\nAs an emerging field of interest, researchers plan to conduct further studies in which a wider range of learning assays are tested to understand the cognition-personality relationships of N. brevicollis.\n\nNebria brevicollis engages in sporadic breeding, with active periods in the early summer followed by diapause, a period of suspended development. When active, they build up their food reserves by feeding rapidly. Triggered by environmental cues, metabolic changes occur and the onset of diapause is brought on. There is no locomotion activity and the animals do not feed. In N. brevicollis, the onset of diapause is regulated by the fat content of the beetle's body. The period of diapause lasts 5 to 6 weeks during the months of July and August. Energy for body maintenance during this time is supplied by the large food reserves accumulated early in the summer. Groups of up to 80 beetles will aggregate together under stones or logs during a period of diapause.\n\nThe abundance of beetles in Oregon may have deleterious effects on other carabid species. It is possible that the increase in prevalence of Nebria brevicollis is causing population declines within other carabid species. Increased competition for food between species may emerge, especially between species with similar diets and breeding practices. However, more research regarding the interactions between N. brevicollis and other carabid taxa must be conducted before concluding that negative impacts have occurred.\n\nNebria brevicollis's predation of non-carabid species may also have deleterious effects. The Fender's blue butterfly is considered to be endangered. During the beetle's diapause, the butterflies are at increased risk of predation by N. brevicollis. Both species share similar habitats, as the occurrence of N. brevicollis has been found at sites where the butterflies exist.\n\nN. brevicollis has also been documented to kill, consume, and scavenge the slug Deroceras reticulatum. Also known as the gray field slug, it is found in the Pacific Northwest and worldwide. N. brevicollis killed more injured individuals than healthy individuals. However, there was a stronger preference in scavenging for dead slugs than those that were alive. Slugs produce mucus as a defense mechanism at the onset of a beetle attack. However, deceased slugs no longer produce mucus. They are therefore a more suitable prey, as they require a reduced handling time and a decreased energy investment.\n\nIn north-western Germany, it was observed by researchers that an entomopathogenic fungus, Erynia nebriae was preying upon N. brevicollis . Although Nebria brevicollis is widely considered to be solely carnivorous, multiple small studies have proven that Nebria brevicollis will resort to eating various types of fungi that can be found in the soil they live on/around. The fungus then infects the beetle, which results in a swollen abdomen. Observation concluded that low temperatures neither killed nor impeded the epizootic of the fungus. While more research regarding the relationship between fungus and beetle must be conducted, it is possible that the fungus manipulates the behavior of the beetle to their advantage. However, the strong exoskeleton of most carabid species may serve as a defense mechanism against fungi predation.\n\nGround beetles like Nebria brevicollis serve as effective bioindicators for studying environmental impacts of human activities. Alterations in habitat due to urbanization, pollution, and harmful land management practices can be studied through changes in ground beetle communities.   Possible effects environmental pollution may have on the habitat of the beetles includes changing soil pH, as well as altering its sodium and calcium content. Physiologically, pollution has been observed to cause physiological and behavioral changes. Research has confirmed the property of the soil can shape carabid communities, including Nebria brevicollis. Changes in species number or abundance can be correlated with habitat alterations caused by humans. Changes in the reproductive ability of ground-dwelling beetles may also serve to highlight the negative consequences of environmental pollution. More research must be conducted to solidify these correlations."
    },{
      "name":["Centaurea solstitialis"],
      "introduction":"\n\nCentaurea solstitialis, the yellow star-thistle, is a species of thorny plant in the genus Centaurea, which is part of the family Asteraceae. A winter annual, it is native to the Mediterranean Basin region and invasive in many other places. It is also known as golden starthistle, yellow cockspur and St. Barnaby's thistle (or Barnaby thistle).",
      "sections":"Centaurea solstitialis is an annual herb from the family Asteraceae. During the vegetative stage it forms a rosette of non-spiny leaves, between 5–20 centimetres (2–8 inches) in diameter. As the summer approaches, it produces a flowering stem up to 1 metre (3+1⁄2 feet) in height. The leaves at the base are lobed and range between 5–8 cm (2–3 in) in length, while the ones on the stem are unlobed and smaller. Between May and October, the stem produces numerous spinous flower heads (capitula) about 12–16 millimetres (1⁄2–5⁄8 in) across, containing between 10–50 yellow flowers, with spines between 1–2.5 cm (3⁄8–1 in). Flowers within capitula are pollinated by insects and each capitula produces 10–50 seeds, some with and some without a pappus. It is an annual semelparous species, and will die after reproduction is completed, normally by the end of the summer.\n\nSimilar species include purple star-thistle (Centaurea calcitrapa), sulphur star-thistle (C. sulphurea), Maltese star-thistle (C. melitensis), and rough star-thistle (C. aspera). Bachelor's button (C. cyaneus) is a relative.\n\nCentaurea solstitialis is a weed also on its native European range (e.g., Turkey, Greece, Italy, France, Spain), consequently, it inhabits highly disturbed ruderal habitats, being typically found on roadsides and cereal crop margins. After introduction in several parts of the world as an exotic species (e.g., Australia, Argentina, Chile, the United States), it has developed local adaptations to the different habitats colonized, and an incipient level of reproductive isolation between native and non-native ranges has been detected—a case of ecological speciation.\n\nStar-thistle is a valuable source of pollen, thus nectar for pollinators. Yellow star-thistle, a noted pest plant, is a major nectar source for many central valleys and foothill butterflies. Star-thistle populates ground that has been abused: dry, compacted, or scraped clean. A plant with a taproot system, it has a crucial role in restoring the soil by bringing up vital micronutrients. Similar to many plants classified as 'weeds', they (in the words of Mark Schonbeck) \"quickly establish in, protect, and restore soil that has been left exposed by natural and human-caused disturbances\".\n\nC. solstitialis grows as a balanced part of the ecosystems in Eurasia, where it is kept in check by an assortment of natural herbivore enemies and other plants that have co-evolved with it in its native habitat. However, it has been introduced in several parts of the world, including Australia, Argentina, Chile, and the U.S. In many of these non-native regions, where the particular array of natural biological controls found in the native regions do not exist, it has become an invasive species and noxious weed.\n\nThe yellow star-thistle plant has the ability to create monotypic stands and habitats in the cultivated soil of fields, graded dirt sites, and disturbed natural ecosystem lands. Its colonization eliminates and prevents other plant species from growing, terminating the habitat's biodiversity. Extensive spreading monotypic fields of yellow star-thistle are not uncommon. Its growth plasticity, competitiveness, preference for the Mediterranean climate, and a lack of natural herbivore enemies and co-evolved species, make it a very successful invader. The plant is an invasive pest in field crops, degrades native plant habitats and natural ecosystems, prevents the grazing of domestic animals in rangelands, and is a physical barrier to indigenous animal movement in wildlands.\n\nThe introduction of C. solstitialis in North America probably occurred in California sometime after the start of the California Gold Rush, as a fodder seed contaminant in imported Chilean-harvested alfalfa seed, also known as Chilean clover (Trifolium macraei). Star-thistle has been introduced throughout North and South America, Africa, and Europe.\n\nIn California, yellow star-thistle was dispersed into agricultural fields and immediately took hold in the state's areas with a Mediterranean climate. Human factors, such as mowing, land grading for development and roads, domestic animal grazing, and disturbance of the soil surface for agricultural tillage and wildland firebreaks have and continue to contribute to the successful thriving and spread of this plant. Yellow star-thistle is now a very common sight in vacant lots and fields, along roadsides and trails, in pastures and ranch lands, and in parks, open-space preserves and natural areas.\n\nAfter the turn of the 20th century, Spain, France, Italy, and perhaps Turkestan were also likely sources of the invasion's seed in California. Since its introduction to California in the mid-19th century, it has become a large-scale invasive species (noxious weed or invasive exotic) throughout 23 U.S. states. It currently dominates over 15,000,000 acres (61,000 square kilometres) in California alone.\n\nBy 1970, yellow star-thistle had reached 23 U.S. states.  According to the U.S. Forest Service, as of 2006 the plant has been reported present in 41 of the 48 contiguous U.S. states, with the only exceptions being Maine, Vermont, and five of the Deep South states (Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, and Georgia). The plant is considered an invasive species in six of the 41 states: California, Oregon, Washington, Idaho, Utah, and New Jersey.\n\nMost herbicides used for controlling yellow star-thistle are registered for range lands, right-of-way, and other non-crop areas. Many auxin-like or growth-regulator herbicides are used for post-emergence control, including 2,4-D, aminopyralid, clopyralid, dicamba, picloram and triclopyr. In California, aminopyralid, which has both post- and preemergence activity, is the most commonly used, most effectively after an early summer prescribed burn. Alternatively, glyphosate may be used. Pre-emergence herbicides used for yellow star-thistle control include chlorsulfuron and sulfometuron. Pre-emergence and post-emergence herbicides may be used effectively together to kill growing plants as well as any new seedlings that may emerge from the copious soil seed bank often produced by yellow star-thistle. Controlled burning may also be used in conjunction with clopyralid application as an effective integrated approach to yellow star-thistle management.\n\nAminocyclopyrachlor + chlorsulfuron, aminopyralid, chlorsulfuron, clopyralid, clopyralid + 2,4-D, dicamba, diflufenzopyr + dicamba, picloram, and triclopyr + clopyralid for the Pacific Northwest of North America.\n\nA yellow star-thistle biotype resistant to picloram was discovered in a pasture near Dayton, Ohio, in 1988. This biotype was determined to have cross resistance to other auxin-like herbicides, especially clopyralid. Resistance was discovered to be conveyed by a single nuclear recessive gene.\n\nPicloram-resistant C. solstitialis has been observed which had cross-resistance to clopyralid, dicamba, and fluroxypyr, but not triclopyr or 2,4-D.\n\nYellow star-thistle is sometimes resistant to removal methods such as mowing and burning, because of its long root system and the seeds' ability to withstand fire. The plant has been the target of biological pest control programs with positive results. Seven types of seed-feeding insects have been released (one accidentally) to control the plant.\n\nThree species of weevil in the beetle subfamily Cleoninae effectively reduce seed production in the yellow star-thistle.\n\nFour species of tephritid fruit fly also attack the seedheads of yellow star-thistle.\n\nA variety of the rust fungus Puccinia jaceae var. solstitialis, first released in July 2003 on a ranch in the Napa Valley, has shown promise as an agent against yellow star-thistle, dramatically damaging leaves and hampering growth. The rust causes widespread pathology in the leaves of the plant and slows its dispersal. The fungus Synchytrium solstitiale (Synchytrium of phylum Chytridiomycota) is also being considered as an agent of biological control.\n\nGrazing by goats, cattle, or sheep can be effective in controlling yellow star-thistle. Goats will eat star-thistle even in its spiny stage. Because yellow star-thistle growth is particularly difficult to inhibit in canyon rangelands since its remoteness limits control options, goats and other herbivores have become an excellent option to curb the plant's spread. According to one study, grazing has decreased yellow star-thistle presence by 58% when compared to the study's controls. Subplots also showed a 94% decrease in seed heads after only three years of experimentation.\n\nCalifornia researchers (Thomsen et al., 1996) tested mowing, controlled sheep grazing and subterranean clover plantings to control star-thistle growth. According to the researchers, subclover would help fill the void left by star-thistle populations.\n\nThey compared subclover seeding, grazing, two mowings, grazing + mowing without subclover – and an untouched control without grazing, subclover, or mowing. Thistle seed production was 130 times higher where only one mowing was done, and 1,720 times higher where nothing was done, as compared to the area that had been grazed and mowed twice. Excellent yellow star-thistle control can be achieved with the combination of competing plants, mowing, and rotational grazing.\n\nAlthough these biocontrol agents have proven somewhat effective at controlling Centaurea solstitialis, there is interest in finding additional agents to further control the species. Two weevils, including Larinus filiformis, a flowerhead feeding weevil, and Ceratapion basicorne (Illiger) (Coleoptera: Apionidae), which develops in the root crown of rosettes have been evaluated and proposed for introduction. Also under evaluation are a stem-feeding flea beetle Psylliodes chalcomera (Illiger) (Coleoptera: Chrysomelidae) (Cristofaro et al. 2004a), a lacebug Tingis grisea Germar (Heteroptera: Tingidae), and a mite Aceria solstitialis de Lillo (Acari: Eriophyidae).\n\nGrazing of the plant by horses can cause nigropallidal encephalomalacia or \"chewing disease\", a neurological condition. The disease generally follows consumption of 60–200% of the horse's body weight over an extended period of a month or more, or 2.3–2.6 kilograms (5.1–5.7 pounds) of star-thistle per 100 kg (220 lb) body weight per day. Though star-thistle is most dangerous when it is the only plant available or is delivered as a contaminant in dried hay, horses may develop a taste for it and seek it out. Many other grazing species, including mules and burros, are not affected.\n\nAlthough the spines make the plant a pain to deal with, it produces a light honey."
    },{
      "name":["Cancer maenas"],
      "introduction":"\n\nCarcinus maenas is a common littoral crab. It is known by different names around the world. In the British Isles, it is generally referred to as the shore crab, or green shore crab. In North America and South Africa, it bears the name European green crab.\n\nC. maenas is a widespread invasive species, listed among the 100 of the World's Worst Invasive Alien Species. It is native to the north-east Atlantic Ocean and Baltic Sea, but has colonised similar habitats in Australia, South Africa, South America and both Atlantic and Pacific coasts of North America. It grows to a carapace width of 90 mm (3+1⁄2 in), and feeds on a variety of mollusks, worms, and small crustaceans, affecting a number of fisheries. Its successful dispersal has occurred by a variety of mechanisms, such as on ships' hulls, sea planes, packing materials, and bivalves moved for aquaculture. [citation needed]",
      "sections":"C. maenas has a carapace up to 60 mm (2.4 in) long and 90 mm (3.5 in) wide, but can be larger outside its native range, reaching 100 mm (3.9 in) wide in British Columbia. The carapace has five short teeth along the rim behind each eye, and three undulations between the eyes. The undulations, which protrude beyond the eyes, are the simplest means of distinguishing C. maenas from the closely related C. aestuarii, which can also be an invasive species. In C. aestuarii, the carapace lacks any bumps and extends forward beyond the eyes. Another characteristic for distinguishing the two species is the form of the first and second pleopods (collectively the gonopods), which are straight and parallel in C. aestuarii, but curve outwards in C. maenas.\n\nThe colour of C. maenas varies greatly, from green to brown, grey, or red. This variation has a genetic component, but is largely due to local environmental factors. In particular, individuals which delay moulting become red-coloured rather than green. Red individuals are stronger and more aggressive, but are less tolerant of environmental stresses, such as low salinity or hypoxia. Juvenile crabs on average display greater patterning than adults.\n\nC. maenas is native to European and North African coasts as far as the Baltic Sea in the east, and Iceland and Central Norway in the north, and is one of the most common crabs throughout much of its range. In the Mediterranean Sea, it is replaced by the closely related Mediterranean Green Crab species Carcinus aestuarii.\nC. maenas was first observed on the east coast of North America in Massachusetts in 1817, and may now be found from South Carolina northwards; by 2007, this species had extended its range northwards to Placentia Bay, Newfoundland. In 1989, the species was found in San Francisco Bay, California, on the Pacific Coast of the United States. Until 1993, it was not able to extend its range, but reached Oregon in 1997,  Washington in 1998, and British Columbia in 1999, thus extending its range by 750 km (470 mi) in 10 years. As of December 2020[update] they were just south of Alaska, and were expected to enter Alaska next. By 2003, C. maenas had extended to South America with specimens discovered in Patagonia.\n\nIn Australia, C. maenas was first reported \"in the late 1800s\" in Port Phillip Bay, Victoria, although the species was probably introduced as early as the 1850s. It has since spread along the south-eastern and south-western seaboards, reaching New South Wales in 1971, South Australia in 1976 and Tasmania in 1993. One specimen was found in Western Australia in 1965, but no further discoveries have been reported in the area since.\n\nC. maenas first reached South Africa in 1983, in the Table Docks area near Cape Town. Since then, it has spread at least as far as Saldanha Bay in the north and Camps Bay in the south, over 100 km (62 mi) apart.\n\nAppearances of C. maenas have been recorded in Brazil, Panama, Hawaii, Madagascar, the Red Sea, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, and Myanmar; however, these have not resulted in invasions, but remain isolated findings. Japan has been invaded by a related crab, either Carcinus aestuarii or a hybrid of Carcinus aestuarii and C. maenas.\n\nBased on the ecological conditions,  C. maenas could eventually extend its range to colonise the Pacific Coast of North America from Baja California to Alaska. Similar ecological conditions are to be found on many of the world's coasts, with the only large potential area not to have been invaded yet being New Zealand; the New Zealand government has taken action, including the release of a Marine Pest Guide in an effort to prevent colonisation by C. maenas.\n\nIn 2019 C. maenas was first found in Lummi Bay, Lummi Indian Reservation, Whatcom County, Washington, USA. The Nation began trapping and removing the crabs in an effort to get rid of them. Then in 2020 hundreds were found in traps, and it became clear that more intensive trapping will be necessary to keep their numbers down. Eradication will not be possible.\n\nOver a 19-year study concluding in 2020, Oregon's Coos Bay was found to have an established and increasing population.\n\nWhile in 2020 less than 3,000 were trapped, trapping yielded >79,000 in 2021. This led the Lummi Indian Business Council to declare a disaster in November 2021 and the Washington Department of Fish & Wildlife to request emergency funding from the Governor.\n\nC. maenas can live in all types of protected and semiprotected marine and estuarine habitats, including those with mud, sand, or rock substrates, submerged aquatic vegetation, and emergent marsh, although soft bottoms are preferred. C. maenas is euryhaline, meaning that it can tolerate a wide range of salinities (from 4 to 52 ‰), and survive in temperatures of 0 to 30 °C (32 to 86 °F). The wide salinity range allows C. maenas to survive in the lower salinities found in estuaries, and the wide temperature range allows it to survive in extremely cold climates beneath the ice in winter. A molecular biological study using the COI gene found genetic differentiation between the North Sea and the Bay of Biscay, and even more strongly between the populations in Iceland and the Faroe Islands and those elsewhere. This suggests that C. maenas is unable to cross deeper water.\n\nFemales can produce up to 185,000 eggs, and larvae develop offshore in several stages before their final moult to juvenile crabs in the intertidal zone. Young crabs live among seaweeds and seagrasses, such as Posidonia oceanica, until they reach adulthood.\n\nC. maenas has the ability to disperse by a variety of mechanisms, including ballast water, ships' hulls, packing materials (seaweeds) used to ship live marine organisms, bivalves moved for aquaculture, rafting, migration of crab larvae on ocean currents, and the movement of submerged aquatic vegetation for coastal zone management initiatives.  C. maenas dispersed in Australia mainly by rare long-distance events, possibly caused by human actions.\n\nC. maenas is a predator, feeding on many organisms, particularly bivalve molluscs (such as clams – up to 40 1⁄2 inch (13 mm) clams per day, oysters, and mussels), polychaetes, and small crustaceans – including other crabs up to their own size. They are primarily diurnal, although activity also depends on the tide, and crabs can be active at any time of day. In California, preferential predation of C. maenas on native clams (Nutricola spp.) resulted in the decline of the native clams and an increase of a previously introduced clam (the amethyst gem clam, Gemma gemma), although C. maenas also voraciously preys on introduced clams such as Potamocorbula amurensis. The soft-shell clam (Mya arenaria) is a preferred prey species of C. maenas. Consequently, it has been implicated in the destruction of the soft-shell clam fisheries on the east coast of the United States and Canada, and the reduction of populations of other commercially important bivalves (such as scallops, Argopecten irradians, and northern quahogs, Mercenaria mercenaria). The prey of C. maenas includes the young of bivalves and fish, although the effect of its predation on winter flounder, Pseudopleuronectes americanus is minimal. C. maenas can, however, have substantial negative impacts on local commercial and recreational fisheries, by preying on the young of species, such as oysters (adults' shells are too tough for C. maenas to crack) and the Dungeness crab, or competing with them for resources and eating the Zostera marina that Dungeness and juvenile salmon depend upon for habitat. Colder water temperatures reduce overall feeding rates of C. maenas.\n\nTo protect itself against predators, C. maenas uses different camouflage strategies depending on their habitat: crabs in mudflats try to resemble their surroundings with colours similar to the mud while crabs in rock pool use disruptive coloration.\n\nDue to its potentially harmful effects on ecosystems, various efforts have been made to control introduced populations of C. maenas around the world. In Edgartown, Massachusetts, a bounty was levied in 1995 for catching C. maenas, to protect local shellfish, and 10 tons were caught.\n\nSome evidence shows that the native blue crab in eastern North America, Callinectes sapidus, is able to control populations of C. maenas; numbers of the two species are negatively correlated, and C. maenas is not found in the Chesapeake Bay, where C. sapidus is most frequent. On the west coast of North America, C. maenas appears to be limited to upper estuarine habitats, in part because of predation by native rock crabs (Romaleon antennarium and Cancer productus) and competition for shelter with a native shore crab, Hemigrapsus oregonensis. Host specificity testing has recently been conducted on Sacculina carcini, a parasitic barnacle, as a potential biological control agent of C. maenas. In the laboratory, Sacculina settled on, infected, and killed native California crabs, including the Dungeness crab, Metacarcinus magister (formerly Cancer magister), and the shore crabs Hemigrapsus nudus, Hemigrapsus oregonensis and Pachygrapsus crassipes. Dungeness crabs were the most vulnerable of the tested native species to settlement and infection by the parasite. Although Sacculina did not mature in any of the native crabs, developing reproductive sacs were observed inside a few M. magister and H. oregonensis crabs. Any potential benefits of using Sacculina to control C. maenas on the west coast of North America would need to be weighed against these potential nontarget impacts.\n\nIn its native range, European green crab is mostly used as an ingredient in soups and sauces. However, the closely related Mediterranean green crab (C. aestuarii) has a thriving culinary market in Italy where fishermen known as moecante cultivate soft-shell green crabs (moeche in Venetian, moleche in Italian) and sell hard-shell crabs for their roe (masinette). Several groups in New England have successfully adapted these methods to produce soft-shell green crabs from the invasive species.\n\nIn New England where invasive green crab populations are high, various groups have looked into utilizing green crabs in cuisine. In 2019, The Green Crab Cookbook was released and included recipes for soft-shell green crab, green crab roe, green crab stock, and green crab meat. One of the book's co-authors went on to found Greencrab.org, an organization dedicated to developing culinary markets for the invasive green crab. In addition to partnering with local chefs and wholesalers for supply chain development and market studies, Greencrab.org has continued to develop green crab recipes and processing techniques.\n\nResearchers at the University of Maine have actively been developing value-added green crab products, with the goals of driving business interest, stimulating a commercial green crab fishery, and alleviating predation effects. Specifically, one study evaluated the consumer acceptability of empanadas (fried, stuffed pastries) which contained varying amounts of green crab mince meat. The empanadas were rated between \"like slightly\" and \"like moderately\" for overall acceptability by a consumer panel (n=87). Furthermore, about two-thirds of the panelists would \"probably\" or \"definitely\" buy the empanadas if available locally.  Additionally, the same researchers developed a patty product made from green crab mince meat using restructuring additives (transglutaminase, dried egg white, isolated soy protein). Although a successful green crab patty was developed, the restructuring additives may have had greater functionality in a raw crab meat system, as opposed to the fully cooked mince that was used in the present study. The results from both studies are considered promising, especially considering that these were initial rounds of green crab product development.[citation needed]\n\nIn the past, Legal Sea Foods, an East Coast restaurant chain, experimented with green crabs, creating a green crab stock in their test kitchen during the winter of 2015. In June 2022 Tamworth Distilling, a New Hampshire distillery, teamed up with the University of New Hampshire's NH Green Crab Project to develop House of Tamworth Crab Trapper, which is billed as being \"made with a bourbon base steeped with a custom crab, corn and spice blend mixture\".\n\nC. maenas is fished on a small scale in the northeast Atlantic Ocean, with about 1200 tonnes being caught annually, mostly in France and the United Kingdom. In the northwest Atlantic, C. maenas was the subject of fishery in the 1960s, and again since 1996, with up to 86 tonnes being caught annually.\n\nCarcinus maenas was first given a binomial name, Cancer maenas, by Carl Linnaeus in his 1758 10th edition of Systema Naturae. An earlier description was published by Georg Eberhard Rumphius in his 1705 work De Amboinsche Rariteitkamer, calling the species Cancer marinus sulcatus, but this antedates the starting point for zoological nomenclature. A number of later synonyms have also been published:\n\nThe lectotype chosen for the species came from Marstrand, Sweden, but it is assumed to have been lost. In 1814, writing for The Edinburgh Encyclopaedia, William Elford Leach erected a new genus, Carcinus to hold this species alone (making it the type species of the genus, by monotypy). In 1847, Nardo described a distinct subspecies occurring in the Mediterranean Sea, which is now recognised as a distinct species, Carcinus aestuarii.\n\nParticular amino acids in particular signaling peptides of C. maenas are protonated by pH changes currently (as of 2020[update]) occurring or likely to be reached in the course of future climate change. This significantly alters peptide structure and peptide-mediated behaviours (brood care and egg ventilation requiring ~10x the normal peptide concentration). The requirement of higher concentration may be due to lowered binding affinity in the sensory epithelium. This effect is very reversible.\n\nThe usual decrease in extracellular chloride due to increased extracellular bicarbonate is avoided if C. maenas is first acclimated to the increased pCO2. While this may be due to the already-high extracellular chloride levels in this species, it may instead be because moderately higher pCO2 increases these levels through some unrelated mechanism.\n\nChanges in pH due to sodium and magnesium can alter extracellular iron concentrations."
    },{
      "name":["Acanthoxanthium spinosum"],
      "introduction":"\n\nXanthium spinosum (also known as Acanthoxanthium spinosum) is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by many common names, including spiny cocklebur, prickly burweed and Bathurst burr. This species is part of the genus Xanthium that encompasses 25 different species of flowering plants of the daisy family, Asteraceae, and sunflower tribe.",
      "sections":"It is known worldwide as a noxious weed that grows in many types of disturbed habitats such as pastures, crops, waterways, grasslands, flood plains, waste areas, and sometimes tropical and arid environments. Its original native range is not known but it may have come from South America, possibly from Chile.  The plant is found in various regions across the world including Canada, the US, Central America, parts of Africa and the Middle East, China, Russia and Australia.\n\nXanthium spinosum is an upright, highly branched, dichotomous, annual herb producing a slender stem up to 1 metre (3 ft 3 in) tall or slightly taller. It is lined at intervals with very long, sharp, yellowish, three pronged spines which may exceed three centimeters in length. These spines are typically found at the base of each leaf fork.\n\nThe leaves are irregularly lobed or lance-shaped lobed, the middle is much longer than the others, and have white veins down the center. They are arranged spirally or alternately along the stem. Each is up to 10 or 12 centimeters long and are dark green or grayish on top, pale green or whitish underneath and are covered in downy hairs.\n\nXanthium spinosum flowers between summer and late fall, typically from July to October in the northern hemisphere. The plant produces male and female flower heads  that are monoecious and form greenish axillary or solitary inflorescence clusters. The male flowers are bulbous and found in dense clusters at the tips of stems near the topmost leaves. Female flowers are found at the leaf forks on lower leaves and develop into burs. The burs are one or 1.5 centimeters long and covered in small hook-like spines. Each bur has two seeds inside it that are flattened and have a thick coat. The spiny burs are easily dispersed to new areas when they become attached to animals, people, and objects, or float on water.\n\nXanthium spinosum, as well as others within the genus, are used in many traditional medicinal treatments. The chloroform extracts found in the plant are used to treat numerous ailments such as hydrophobia, rabies, fevers, diarrhea, and cancer. In Chinese medicinal practices, the methanol extracts found in the leaves and fruits are used to treat inflammatory diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis. This species can also be toxic to humans, as it produces toxins that cause nephrotoxic effects, causing damage to the kidneys.\n\nXanthium spinosum is classified as an invasive weed of many crops. This plant negatively impacts crops such as: cotton, maize, sunflowers, tomatoes, soybeans, sugarcane, and other annual or perennial crops. It decreases the health of the ecosystem it takes over and threatens the loss of the native species that inhabit the area as well as lowers the biodiversity. It also threatens the health and well being of the animals that inhabit the areas where it is found. If livestock ingests Xanthium spinosum, the livestock will become poisoned and could potentially make its way into a human. The plants, especially new seedlings, are toxic to livestock. This plant is also toxic to humans.\n\nBur damage to sheep's wool reduces its value."
    },{
      "name":["Gunniopsis quadrifida"],
      "introduction":"\n\nGunniopsis quadrifida, the Sturts pigface, is a plant endemic to Australia that is within the family Aizoaceae. This family consists of a diverse array of species that inhabit arid and/or saline coastal and inland areas, with the plants displaying leaf morphology that is conducive to such harsh environments. Typical features of members of this genus that lie within this family of succulents includes the presence of fleshy-leaves that acts as a water reservoir for the plant with the habit of a smalls shrub.",
      "sections":"Gunniopsis quadrifida, commonly known as sturts pigface, is a succulent plant in the iceplant family, Aizoaceae. It is endemic to Australia.\n\nThe shrub has a divaricate, compact and rounded habit typically growing to a height of 0.2 to 1 metre (0.7 to 3.3 ft) with leaves that are about 8 centimetres (3.1 in) long.\n\nDocumented cases of the western distribution of the plant flowering have been noted to occur from August to January with the plant producing white flowers with a diameter of approximately 4 cm (1.6 in). Southern distributions have been noted to flower through the year with the appearance of the seeds being a black kidney-shaped object that can be up to 1.5mm and covered in round tubercule's\n\nIt is found around salt lakes and on saline flats in inland areas of the Wheatbelt, Mid West and Goldfields-Esperance regions of Western Australia where it grows in sandy, loam or clay soils. It is also found in inland areas of the Northern Territory, South Australia, Queensland and New South Wales.\n\nThe habitat includes the margins of salt lakes and clay pans with plants being seen to grow in sandy, clay or loamy soil conditions.\n\nWith specific locations of distribution including the:\n\n·        Beard's Provinces: Eremaean Province, South-West Province.\n\n·        IBRA Regions: Avon Wheatbelt, Coolgardie, Gascoyne, Geraldton Sandplains, Mallee, Murchison, Yalgoo.\n\n·        IBRA Subregions: Avon Wheatbelt P1, Carnegie, Eastern Goldfield, Eastern Mallee, Eastern Murchison, Geraldton Hills, Southern Cross, Tallering, Western Mallee, Western Murchison.\n\n·        Local Government Areas (LGAs): Coolgardie, Coorow, Cue, Dalwallinu, Dowerin, Dundas, Esperance, Greater Geraldton, Kalgoorlie-Boulder, Kondinin, Koorda, Laverton, Leonora, Menzies, Mingenew, Morawa, Mount Marshall, Murchison, Perenjori, Sandstone, Three Springs, Westonia, Wiluna, Yalgoo.\n\nIt is also distributed amongst the inland areas of the Northern Territory, Queensland, New South Wales and the northern half of South Australia. The Sturt's Pigface is listed as near threatened with rare sightings at the Northern Territory, Queensland and New South Wales and is more commonly documented to be present in the northern parts of South Australia and Western Australia.\n\nThe species was first formally described as Sesuvium quadrifidum by the botanist Ferdinand von Mueller in 1859 in the work Report on the Plants Collected During Mr. Babbage's Expedition into the North West Interior of South Australia in 1858. It was reclassified by von Mueller in 1861 as Aizoon quadrifidum and then again in 1889 by Ferdinand Albin Pax to the genus Gunniopsis in the Prantl and Engler's work Die Naturlichen Pflanzenfamilien.\n\nClosely related species\n\nThere are 14 species that comprise the genus of Gunniopis that were once members of the genera Aizoon, Gunnia and Neogunnia all of which share similar plant morphology driven by evolutionary forces that allow the species to adapt to the arid and saline environments. The name is derived from the Greek word opsis meaning resembling which alludes to the resemblance of the genus to the genus Gunnia\n\nSpecially, the 14 recognized species includes:\n\n·        Gunniopsis divisa\n\n·        Gunniopsis glabra\n\n·        Gunniopsis intermedia\n\n·        Gunniopsis kochii\n\n·        Gunniopsis papillata\n\n·        Gunniopsis propinqua\n\n·        Gunniopsis quadrifida\n\n·        Gunniopsis rodwayi\n\n·        Gunniopsis rubra\n\n·        Gunniopsis septifraga\n\n·        Gunniopsis tenuifolia\n\n·        Gunniopsis zygophylloides\n\n·        Gunniopsis calcarea Chinnock\n\n·        Gunniopsis calva\n\nWith Gunniopsis quadrifida being the most common and widespread of the species\n\nThe human population is continuing to expand, and with it, the negative consequences such as habitat fragmentation, invasive species and climate change associated with the increase in land use for development and agricultural purposes, these negative impacts can all contribute to the decline of ecosystem functions, and threaten existing species that inhabit that environment.\n\nThe Gunniopsis quadrifida population has already been seen to be reduced in its distribution across inland NSW, NT and QLD. This reduction of the population can be due to anthropogenic causes such as targeted exploitation (from illegal harvesting) or more likely due to habitat degradation associated with intensified land-use both aspects of which have been seen to play a role in reducing the biodiversity of floral species when compared to the levels present pre-European settlement.\n\nAustralia is a country displaying a high-rate of population growth amongst other similar international countries with more than a third of its growth originating amongst the four cities consisting of Sydney, Perth, Brisbane and Melbourne.\n\nAlthough the majority of population growth is centered on urban areas, through technological advancement driven by an increased need for land required for housing/agriculture akin to the development of metropolitan areas amidst the Mojave desert, the arid landscapes of which the Sturt Pigface currently inhabit in the relative absence of human interaction may be threatened in the future.\n\nAs various desert animals depend upon the Sturt Pigface for food/shelter, a shift in phenology (which is a common occurrence due to climate change), the interactions between this plant/animal dependence and as such it is important to survey and monitor the Sturt Pigfaces’ in order to preserve the animal species that utilize the plant as a resource, as well as any potential invasive species that may compete with the plant which can increase its susceptibility to extinction."
    },{
      "name":["Vespa tropica"],
      "introduction":"\n\nVespa tropica, the greater banded hornet, is a tropical species of hornet found in Southern Asia, New Guinea and west Africa, and which has recently been discovered to be an invasive species on the Pacific island of Guam. It is a predator of paper wasps and possesses a potent sting, which can cause extreme pain and swelling.",
      "sections":"The workers of Vespa tropica are about 24–26 millimetres (15⁄16–1 in) in length, while queens grow to 30 millimetres (1+1⁄4 in). The head is dark brown/red; the abdomen is black with a distinct yellow stripe which covers most of the second abdominal segment. However, there is some variation across its range and in Singapore and southeastern Asia, specimens are often completely black and larger in size, while in other regions such as Hong Kong, the head and flanks of the thorax are normally reddish. A third colour form is found in the Andamans and Nicobars, which has a reddish brown head and thorax and all the dorsal plates on each segment of the gastrum are orange except the first.\n\nVespa tropica is distributed throughout southern Asia from Afghanistan to the Philippines, south to New Guinea, New Britain and the Torres Strait Islands but it has not been recorded in mainland Australia.\n\nIn August 2016 Vespa tropica was found at two sites in Guam, and has since been deemed a permanent resident of the island's ecosystem, until a solution is found to exterminate them.\n\nVespa tropica are raiders of the nests of other wasp species and take captured larvae back to their own nest to feed to their larvae. They have been observed to catch honeybees quite frequently, and even dragonflies have been noted as prey. A worker of V. tropica has been recorded as capturing and killing an individual of Vespa bicolor and also raiding nests of other polister wasps such as Ropalidia marginata.[citation needed] Vespa tropica is associated with forests in the lowlands, up to 2,100 metres (6,890 ft) altitude. The nests are usually within 3 metres (3 yd) above the ground in tree hollows or in subterranean cavities normally down to a depth of 20 centimetres (8 in) including a record of one found inside a dead log partly buried in the soil. In the vicinity of human habitations it will nest under roofs, in attics and sheds. The nest is normally rhomboid or bowl-shaped and has an open bottom, whereas most aerial hornets' nest are completely sealed. The outer shell of the nest consists of distinct, broad layers and the nest is quite brittle. Occasionally nests are built within the crown of trees. Nest temperature is maintained at 25–30 °C (77–86 °F) until about the middle of October, when it trends towards ambient[Martin-1990 1]​ as the nest begins to die. Predation by V. tropica is one of the foremost causes of colony failure in Polistes chinensis in Japan. V. tropica may play a significant role in controlling Asian polistine populations. It can be a secretive species, preferring to fly close to cover and often high among the crowns of trees. V. tropica, V. ducalis, and V. philippinensis together form the sub-genus V. tropica group.[A 1]​"
    },{
      "name":["Typha angustata"],
      "introduction":"\n\nTypha angustata Bory & Chaub.\n\nTypha domingensis, known commonly as southern cattail or cumbungi, is a perennial herbaceous plant of the genus Typha.",
      "sections":"It is found throughout temperate and tropical regions worldwide. It is sometimes found as a subdominant associate in mangrove ecosystems such as the Petenes mangroves ecoregion of Yucatán.\n\nIn the Mesopotamian Marshes of southern Iraq, Khirret is a dessert made from the pollen of this plant. In Turkish folk medicine the female inflorescences of this plant and other Typha are used externally to treat wounds such as burns. Extracts of T. domingensis have been demonstrated to have wound healing properties in rat models.\n\nWater extracts of the fruit, female flower and male flower of Typha domingensis exhibit iron chelating activity as well as superoxide and nitric oxide scavenging activities. By contrast, only the fruit and female flower extracts were found to have alpha-glucosidase inhibitory activity. A partially purified, proanthocyanidin-rich butanol fraction of the fruit was shown to be a competitive inhibitor of alpha-glucosidase, which also had concurrent antioxidant activity.\n\nRecently it was found that Typha domingensis is very effective at reducing bacterial contamination of water for agricultural use. This plant helps to reduce, up to 98 percent, pollution by enterobacteria (usually found in the intestines of mammals) involved in the development of disease.\n\nThe Southern Cattail grows between 2.0 to 2.5 meters in length and has flat sheaths to protect its core. It thrives in marshes and ecosystems where the land has a similarity to wetlands. It can also survive in high salinity water sources, making it much more resilient than similar species to this kind of cattail. The Southern Cattail originated in the Southern United States, and transitioned its way to other ecosystems from Iran to Mexico through human intervention. In Mexico, this invasive species has proven to be beneficial to local ecosystems rather than a nuisance to it. Aside from being a filter for some of the water’s quality, the surrounding villages that dwell within the circumference of the lake benefit from both the Southern Cattail and its similar species, the Southern Bulrush, by its ability to be used in artisanal crafts and due to their wider reed sheaths which eased the weaving process.\n\nAreas where the cattail and bulrush is harvested in much larger methods, such as the coastal areas of San Jeronimo, Patzcuaro and Tzintzuntzan, Michoacán seem to exhibit larger than average cattail sizes, lengths, and population density. It's within these areas that at times, the amount of reproducing cattail can prove to be too much as it overruns some farm land, so its planned from the surrounding villagers to be routinely harvested and cut down to a reasonable size monthly or whenever the population rises to an overrunning size. This is especially common during the months of August and September, the rainiest months that the surrounding villages seem to experience during the last months of Summer.\n\nWith such a large density, this also proves to be beneficial to the surrounding organisms which live near the lake such as the Lake Patzcuaro Garter Snake, which thrives near the cattail closest to the lake. Creating a thick shade for the snakes, they also make this an area to not only reproduce but also protect their young which can protect against other predators which surround the lake such as the hawk species of the Red-Tailed Hawk and occasional larger snake species which also thrives within the lake.\n\nWith all these benefits that it gives to the ecosystem, the largest benefit this species has provided was the reduction of the water’s pollution from external sources. When some water containing animal fecal matter was placed in the same water as the cattail species in an experiment done within the Helmholtz center in Germany with support from the National Council of Science and Technology in Mexico, it was discovered to have filtered around 98% of the bacteria found within the water. This discovery showed that this invasive species had the potential to reduce the biological impact these bacteria could have not only on the surrounding animals, but also surrounding humans which have used the lake as their main source of water for generations."
    },{
      "name":["Asparagopsis armata"],
      "introduction":"\n\nFalkenbergia rufolanosa\n\nAsparagopsis armata is a species of marine red algae, in the family Bonnemaisoniaceae. English name(s) include red harpoon weed. They are multicellular eukaryotic organisms. This species was first described in 1855 by Harvey, an Irish botanist who found the algae on the Western Australian coast. A. armata usually develops on infralittoral rocky bottoms around the seawater surface to around 40m of depth. Marine algae like A. armata are considered \"autogenic ecosystem engineers\" as they are at the very bottom of the food chain and control resource availability to other organisms in the ecosystem.",
      "sections":"A. armata is a species native to southern Australia and New Zealand (Southern hemisphere) and is thought to have slowly spread to the Northern hemisphere through the Mediterranean sea, as it is highly invasive. It can now also be found along the British Isles to Senegal as well. The first Mediterranean A. armata was reported in Algeria in 1923. When first found, it seemed strange to find A. armata in this location due to the high summer seawater surface temperatures along southern Mediterranean coasts. However, it was later found that the particular cool water temperatures that stay below 25 °C would allow the species to survive locally during the summer.\n\nThe fully grown A. armata has sparse branches on which long stolons with harpoon-like hooks and erect shoots develop in all directions. The branches, stolons, and shoots ramify over and over again which give A. armata the thallus-like appearance. The ultimate branchlets are filamentous and composed of three cell rows whereas the larger branches consist of a central medullary filament and a gelatinous matrix surrounded by a cortex 3 – 6 cells thick. Gametophytes are terete and are around 200 mm in height. They form dense, pink intertwining clumps. A characteristic feature of this species is barbs, which attach the A. armata to the ocean benthic substrates.\n\nA. armata has a triphasic diplohaplontic heteromorphic life cycle. In this cycle, the three phases include: haploid carposporophyte, gametophyte and diploid zygote. Multiple phases of different morphology and ploidy contribute differently to the expansion potential of A. armata. Gametophytes of this species are microscopic carposoporophytes, which divide into tetrasporophytes that go through meiosis to be developed into the gametophyte.\n\nA. armata has two morphologically different stages of development– the gametophyte stage and the tetrasporophyte stage.\n\nA. armata goes through haploid and gametophytic phases in a heteromorphic diplo-haplontic life cycle. The A. armata gametophyte grows into adult form and goes through fecundation to produce diploid carposporophyte; which, then, divide into tetrasporophyte that goes through meiosis to be developed into the gametophyte.\n\nThe acceleration of marine biological invasions through increasing trade and travel also caused the transportation of A. armata to areas outside of their native range: Southern hemisphere. Once it is established, A. armata could rapidly spread and dominate the invaded environment without the direct intervention of human activity. A. armata releases large amounts of toxic compounds to gain competitive advantage in the surrounding invaded area. The impairment of invertebrates after exposure to this algal exudate is shown by significantly increased lipid  (and other biochemical biomarkers) content in the organisms such as common prawn and marine snail. The critical impact that the exudate of A. armata causes, via secondary metabolites, severely decreases the survival rate of various species in the rock pool native communities.\n\nAs a defense mechanism against its predators, A. armata produce halogenated metabolites that chase away herbivores and prevent biofouling. These halogenated metabolites are stored as a refractile inclusion inside specialized gland cells, and are activated with Bromine.\n\nGland cells of A. armata can take up to 10% of the algal volume, which is a large portion of the plant. Gland cell walls are thin in order to help the transfer of metabolites to the structures that connect the gland cells to the pericentral cells. These structures are stalk-like and allow the metabolite to move to the algae's surface.\n\n\nIn 2019, following laboratory studies on the effectiveness of Asparagopsis taxiformis in reducing ruminants' enteric methane emissions, a team from the University of California, Davis, demonstrated that a 1% inclusion of Asparagopsis armata in lactating dairy cows' feed resulted in a 67.2% decrease in methane produced.\n\nIn 2021, CH4 Global became the first company in the world to be licensed by intellectual property holders FutureFeed to use Asparagopsis in livestock feed, with the aim of significantly reducing enteric methane emissions in ruminants. These licences enable CH4 Global to make methane reduction claims about the Asparagopsis in their product formulations in the New Zealand and Australian markets, where the company has research and production facilities. A. armata is the dominant species of Asparagopsis in New Zealand. CH4 Global worked with New Zealand's National Institute of Water and Atmospheric Research (NIWA) to close the life cycle of the seaweed, which they accomplished in June of the same year, enabling large quantities of the seaweed to be aquafarmed.\n\nSea Forest, based in Tasmania, Australia, and also a FutureFeed licensee, has chosen to focus exclusively on A. armata, and has worked with scientists at James Cook University, University of Tasmania, University of Technology Sydney, and University of New South Wales in Australia, and the University of Waikato in New Zealand, to find out how to trigger its reproduction."
    },{
      "name":["Mnemiopsis mccradyi"],
      "introduction":"\n\nMnemiopsis gardeni Agassiz, 1860\nMnemiopsis mccradyi Mayer, 1900\n\nMnemiopsis leidyi, the warty comb jelly or sea walnut, is a species of tentaculate ctenophore (comb jelly). It is native to western Atlantic coastal waters, but has become established as an invasive species in European and western Asian regions. Three species have been named in the genus Mnemiopsis, but they are now believed to be different ecological forms of a single species M. leidyi by most zoologists.",
      "sections":"Mnemiopsis have an oval-shaped and transparent lobed body, with four rows of ciliated combs that run along the body vertically and glow blue-green when disturbed. They have several feeding tentacles. Unlike cnidarians, Mnemiopsis does not sting. Their body comprises 97% water. They have a maximum body length of roughly 7–12 centimetres (3–5 in) and a diameter of 2.5 centimetres (1 in).\n\nIt is euryoecious, tolerating a wide range of salinity (2 to 38 psu), temperature (2–32 °C or 36–90 °F), and water quality.\n\nMnemiopsis is a carnivore that consumes zooplankton including crustaceans, other comb jellies, and eggs and larvae of fish. Many of its predators are vertebrates, including birds and fish. Others are members of gelatinous zooplankton such as Beroe ctenophores and various Scyphozoa (jellyfish).\n\nThe comb jelly has the capacity for self-fertilization, as they are hermaphroditic. They have gonads that contain the ovary and spermatophore bunches in their gastrodermis. It carries 150 eggs along each meridional canal. Eggs and sperm are released into the water column where fertilization takes place. The spawning commences at late evening or at 1:00 or 2:00 a.m. The spawning eggs develop a thick outer layer within a minute of encountering seawater. As many as 10,000 eggs are produced from large specimens in areas with abundant prey. Egg production can start when the animals reach about 15 mm in length. Egg production increases with ctenophore size, and it is unclear when senescence occurs.\n\nIt has a transient anus, which means that it appears only during defecation. There is no permanent connection between the gut and the rear of the body. Instead, as waste accumulates, part of the gut starts to balloon out until it touches the outer layer, or epidermis. The gut then fuses with the epidermis, forming an anal opening. Once excretion is complete, the process is reversed and the anus vanishes. The animals defecate at regular intervals: once an hour in the 5-centimetre-long adults, and once every 10 minutes or so in the larvae.\n\nThe species moves so slowly that it is referred to as \"sea walnut\".\n\nMnemiopsis leidyi was introduced in the Black Sea in the 1980s, where only one species of comb jelly, the small sea gooseberry Pleurobrachia pileus occurred until then. The most likely cause of its introduction is accidentally by merchant ships' ballast water. The first Black Sea record was in 1982.\n\nBy 1989, the Black Sea population had reached the highest level, with some 400 specimens per m3 of water (>10 animals/cubic foot) in optimal conditions. Afterwards, due to depletion of foodstocks resulting in lower carrying capacity, the population dropped somewhat.\n\nIn the Black Sea, M. leidyi eats eggs and larvae of pelagic fish. It caused a dramatic drop in fish populations, notably the commercially important anchovy Engraulis encrasicholus (known locally as hamsi, hamsiya, hamsa, etc.), by competing for the same food sources and eating the young and eggs. Biological control was tried with Beroe ovata, another comb jelly, with some degree of success; it appears as if a fairly stable predator-prey dynamic has been reached.\n\nIn 1999 the species was introduced in the Caspian Sea via the Unified Deep Water System of European Russia. The establishment of this population led to a 60% reduction in the number of sprat, which in turn led to a reduction in the population of sturgeon and seals.\n\nSince then, the species has apparently spread throughout the Mediterranean basin and the northwestern Atlantic. In 2006, it was first recorded in the North Sea, and since October 17, 2006 in the western Baltic Sea, namely the Kiel Fjord and The Belts. Up to 100 animals per cubic metre were counted in the Baltic, whereas the population density in the North Sea was at a much lower 4 animals/m3 at most.\n\nOne year later, the Baltic population of M. leidyi was found to have spread east to the Gotland Basin and the Bay of Puck. The impact of the species on the already heavily stressed Baltic ecosystem is unknown. The species overwinters in the deep waters where the temperature does not drop below 4 °C (39 °F); the fact that the Baltic is heavily stratified, with the waters above and below the halocline mixing little, is believed to aid its survival.\n\nApart from the widespread P. pileus, three comb jelly species occasionally drift into the Baltic from the North Sea but do not seem to be present as a stable population of significant size: Bolinopsis infundibulum, Beroe cucumis and Beroe gracilis. The second species might potentially be used for biological control.\n\nThe route of dispersal of M. leidyi to the North Sea/Baltic region is unknown. It might have occurred naturally by drifting individuals, or with ballast water of ships, either from its natural range or from the Black Sea, via the Mediterranean and eastern Atlantic. At least technically possible given the species' euryhaline habits is an alternative route of dispersal through continental Europe, being carried with ballast water in ships travelling from the Black Sea to the Rhine Estuary via the Rhine-Main-Danube Canal. The latter route is known to be the point of entry into continental Europe for numerous invasive freshwater neozoons from the Ponto-Caspian region, such as the zebra mussel, the quagga mussel, the amphipods Dikerogammarus villosus and Chelicorophium curvispinum, and the polychaete Hypania invalida.\n\nBoth the nuclear and mitochondrial genomes of Mnemiopsis leidyi have been sequenced, providing insight into the evolutionary position of Ctenophora (comb jellies).\n\n\nIn the original 2013 paper reporting the nuclear genome sequence, phylogenetic analysis of the presence and absence of genes, introns, and amino acid alignments suggested that the comb jelly is the sister lineage to the rest of all animals. However, a 2015 study applied different methodologies and found support for Porifera as the sister group to all other animals, and confirmed findings from the original study that amino acid alignments gave mixed support for this hypothesis. The position of Ctenophora and Porifera is currently being actively debated.\n\nIts mitochondrion shows several interesting features. It is 10 kilobases in length making it the smallest animal mitochondrial DNA sequence known to date. It has lost at least 25 genes, including MT-ATP6 and all the tRNA genes. The atp6 gene has been relocated to the nuclear genome and has acquired introns and a mitochondrial targeting presequence. All tRNA genes have been genuinely lost along with nuclear-encoded mitochondrial aminoacyl tRNA synthetases. The mitochondrial rRNA molecules possess little similarity with their homologs in other organisms and have highly reduced secondary structures.\n\nThe genome of Mnemiopsis leidyi appears to lack recognizable microRNAs, as well as the nuclear proteins Drosha and Pasha, which are critical to canonical microRNA biogenesis. It is the only animal thus far reported to be missing Drosha. MicroRNAs play a vital role in the regulation of gene expression in all non-ctenophore animals investigated thus far except for Trichoplax adhaerens, one of three known members of the phylum Placozoa.\n\nIn Mnemiopsis leidyi, NOS is present both in adult tissues and differentially expressed in later embryonic stages suggesting the involvement of NO in developmental mechanisms. Ctenophores also possess soluble guanylyl cyclases as potential NO receptors with weak but differential expression across tissues. Combined, these data indicate that the canonical NO-cGMP signaling pathways existed in the common ancestor of animals and could be involved in the control of morphogenesis, cilia activities, feeding and different behaviors."
    },{
      "name":["Cynanchum nigrum"],
      "introduction":"\n\nVincetoxicum nigrum, a species in the family Apocynaceae, also known as black swallow-wort, Louise's swallow-wort, or black dog-strangling vine, is a species of plant that is native to Europe and is found primarily in Italy, France, Portugal, and Spain. It is an invasive plant species in the northeastern United States, parts of the Midwest, southeastern Canada, and California. In 2020, wild plants were found in Timaru, New Zealand.",
      "sections":"Vincetoxicum nigrum is a perennial, herbaceous vine bearing ovate leaves with pointed tips. The leaves are 3–4 inches (7.6–10.2 cm) long, and 2–3 inches (5.1–7.6 cm) wide, occurring in pairs on the stem. The flowers have five petals, and are star-shaped with white hairs. The flowers range in color from dark purple to black. The fruit of Vincetoxicum nigrum is a slender, tapered follicle that ranges in color from green through light brown and is tightly packed with seeds, each bearing a fluffy pappus to allow distribution by the wind.\n\nVincetoxicum nigrum tends to grow in upland areas and is tolerant to variable light, salt, and moisture levels. In the United States, the vine is often found in abandoned fields, hedgerows, brushy areas, woodlands, river banks, transportation corridors, quarries, agricultural fields, and gardens. In gardens, the plant is seen as a fast-growing weed.\n\nVincetoxicum nigrum emerges from an underground stem in the spring, and flowers during June and July. Vincetoxicum nigrum is self-pollinating, and follicles form throughout the summer. The number of follicles formed is directly linked to the amount of light the plant receives. If there is a lower level of light, then there are fewer follicles compared to a plant exposed to a higher level of light. The seeds begin to be released by mid-August, and continue to be dispersed by air currents into early October.\n\nEach seed is polyembryonic and contains about one to four embryos per seed, increasing Vincetoxicum nigrum's proliferation. Seeds have delicate fibrous \"parachutes\" used in wind dispersal over long distances. In addition to seeds for reproduction, Vincetoxicum nigrum also uses rhizomes as a method of propagation, meaning that the plant clones itself underground and produces new plants. After seed dispersal, the plant dies to the ground in the winter, reappearing in the spring.\n\nThe first sighting of Vincetoxicum nigrum in North America was recorded in Ipswich, Massachusetts in 1854. In 1864, a plant collector recorded that it was \"escaping from the botanical garden where it is a weed promising to be naturalized\". Vincetoxicum nigrum escaped from a garden in the Cambridge area of Massachusetts and naturalized in the surrounding states and is still spreading today. Massachusetts and New York classify the plant as an invasive species. Beyond the northeastern US, the plant has been reported in Wisconsin and California.\n\nIn the United States and Canada, Vincetoxicum nigrum is a threat to native species because it crowds them out. For example, it can completely replace a field of native goldenrod. Crowding out other species results in a reduced habitat for wildlife, which may become endangered because they can no longer find their optimal habitat.\n\nVincetoxicum nigrum threatens the rare limestone pavement barren ecosystems by crowding out plants that the native wildlife needs to survive. It may also decrease bird presence in grasslands, which may in turn cause certain insect species populations to increase.\n\nIn Vermont, Vincetoxicum nigrum crowds out the endangered species Jesup's milk vetch (Astragalus robbinsii var. jesupii). In Rhode Island, Vincetoxicum nigrum has been reported as reducing the effectiveness of electric fences, which may allow livestock to be put into danger or lost.\n\nIn addition, Vincetoxicum nigrum crowds out a species of milkweed that monarch butterflies use as their larval food plant. Thus, the spread of this plant threatens populations of monarch butterflies. Overall, Vincetoxicum nigrum reproduces very prolifically, and can easily take over various habitats in a short time. Most of the possible implications of  Vincetoxicum nigrum's changing the structure of various ecosystems have not yet been studied.\n\nThere are four methods of management that can possibly be used for the management of Vincetoxicum nigrum. These methods are chemical, manual, mechanical, and biological. Only the chemical, manual, mechanical methods are actually used in the United States and Canada. The biological method may be used in the future. Overall, early detection and removal is the best management strategy.\n\nThe best chemical management of Vincetoxicum nigrum is through the use of systemic herbicides which prevent seeds from being viable. Garlon 4 (triclopyr) and  RoundUp Pro (glyphosate) are the main systemic herbicides that are used to control the vine. The systemic herbicide is most effective when sprayed on the plant after flowering has begun. If the herbicide is used after follicles have formed, it is less effective because viable seeds may still form. The most effective treatment using systemic herbicides is through a cut stem application, consisting of applying the chemical to the recently-cut stems of the swallow-wort vines.\n\nManual management is the removal of Vincetoxicum nigrum from the ground by digging up its rhizomes so that the plant cannot reproduce. The vine has an extensive rhizome system which must be completely removed to prevent new shoots from growing.  Trying to remove the vine by pulling will often cause the plant to detach from its rhizome, allowing the vine to continue to grow new shoots.   Seed pods must be disposed of carefully, to avoid inadvertently spreading the seeds to new areas.\n\nMechanical management is the mowing down of Vincetoxicum nigrum. This method does not stop growth, but it does stop seed crops. No seed crop means that the plant has no offspring.\n\nBiological management is the use of the vine's natural enemies to stop the spread and diminish the population of Vincetoxicum nigrum.  In the United States, Vincetoxicum nigrum has no natural enemies, but in its native Europe, certain caterpillars, beetles, and diseases attack the plant. Researchers at Cornell University and the USDA have investigated the use of natural enemies as a way to control the plant. The use of natural enemies is controversial, because the implications of adding more non-native species to threatened areas is unknown. In 2014 Hypena caterpillars were released in Ontario, Canada to help control Vincetoxicum's spread."
    },{
      "name":["Tamarix ramosissima"],
      "introduction":"\n\nTamarix ramosissima, commonly known as saltcedar salt cedar, or tamarisk, is a deciduous arching shrub with reddish stems, feathery, pale green foliage, and characteristic small pink flowers.\n\nThe cultivar 'Pink Cascade' (dark pink flowered) has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.",
      "sections":"Tamarix ramosissima is a hardy shrub or small tree native to Europe and Asia. It is a vigorous, deciduous shrub grown for its ornamental reddish stems, its showy plumes of flowers, and its unusual feathery leaves. Its hardiness and tolerance for poor soil make it a popular, easy to grow shrub. It can grow up to 8 m in height and up to 5 m in width. It can be used as a screen, windbreak, informal hedge or specimen shrub.\n\nIt produces upright racemes of small, pink, five-petaled flowers from late summer to early autumn which cover the new wood of the plant. It is tolerant of many soil types, but prefers a well-drained, light or sandy soil in full sun. This plant is considered an invasive species in warmer climates.\n\nTamarix ramosissima is a major invasive plant species in the Southwestern United States and Desert Region of California, consuming large amounts of groundwater in riparian and oases habitats. The balance and strength of the native flora and fauna are being helped by various restoration projects, by removing tamarisk groves as if they were noxious weeds. Recent scientific investigations have generally concluded that the primary human-caused impact to desert riparian ecosystems within the Colorado River Basin is the alteration of the flood regime by dams; Tamarix ramosissima is relatively tolerant of this hydrologic alteration compared to flood-dependent native woody riparian species such as willow, cottonwood, and box elder.\n\nResearch on competition between tamarisk seedlings and co-occurring native trees has found that Tamarix seedlings are not competitive over a range of environments, but stands of mature trees effectively prevent native species' establishment in the understory, due to low light, elevated salinity, and possibly changes to the soil biota. Box elder (Acer negundo, a native riparian tree) seedlings survive and grow under higher-shade conditions than Tamarix seedlings, and mature Tamarix specimens die after 1–2 years of 98% shade, indicating a pathway for successional replacement of Tamarix by box elder. Anthropogenic activities that preferentially favor tamarisk (such as changes to flooding regimens) are associated with infestation. To date, Tamarix has taken over large sections of riparian ecosystems in the western United States that were once home to native cottonwoods and willows, and are projected by some to spread well beyond the current range.\n\nThe plant's common name refers to its ability to tolerate salt water by excreting salt into its leaves through specialized salt glands — thereby producing salt deposits which kill other species; these salt deposits can also weaken interatomic binding in soil clays, leading to increased erosion. However, a study involving more than a thousand soil samples across gradients of both flood frequency and Tamarix density concluded that \"flooding may be the most important factor for assessing floodplain salinity\" and \"soils under Tamarix canopies had lower surface soil salinity than open areas deprived of flooding suggesting that surface evaporation may contribute more to surface soil salinity than Tamarix\"."
    },{
      "name":["Sargassum horneri"],
      "introduction":"\n\nSargassum horneri is a species of brown macroalgae that is common along the coast of Japan and Korea. It is an annual algae which has a varying fertile season along the coast. In Wakasa Bay, Japan it begins to grow in early autumn through winter and matures in spring, when the sea water temperature is around 11.6–15.2 °C (53–59 °F). Also called \"devil weed\", S. horneri has invaded the Eastern Pacific, beginning in Baja California and advancing north along the California coastline.\n\nIn its natural ecosystem, Sargassum horneri grows attached to a hard substrate and blooms into a kelp forest which encourages and maintains local biodiversity. However, this species of macroalgae is the major component of the northwest Pacific golden tide, a biomass of Sargassum horneri that drifts up the eastern coast of China towards Korea as an invasive species and is detrimental to the coastal ecosystem there.",
      "sections":"S. horneri was first described in 1808 by Dawson Turner under the basionym Fucus horneri. It was later reclassified into the genus Sargassum by Carl Adolph Agardh in 1820.\n\nThe specific epithet horneri was given in honor of Dr. Horner, an astronomer and naturalist aboard the first Russian circumnavigation of the globe, which took place from 1803 to 1806 under Captain Adam von Krusenstern."
    },{
      "name":["Amynthas agrestis"],
      "introduction":"\n\nAmynthas agrestis, the Asian jumping worm,[note 1] is a species of worm in the family Megascolecidae.  It has a smooth, glossy, grey or brown body with a milky-white clitellum, and can range from 1.5 to 8 in (3.8 to 20.3 cm) in length. Amynthas agrestis is native to Japan and the Korean Peninsula, and was introduced to North America due to increased human activity during the 19th century; it is considered to be an invasive species in the United States. Worms within the genus Amynthas (jumping worms) reproduce and develop quicker than their European counterparts.",
      "sections":"Amynthas agrestis became a problem in the United States, specifically the Southern United States, during the 19th century. Concern is increasing about this invasive species.\n\nOne of the main concerns is their overconsumption of leaf litter, which impacts the microbial and species diversity of the native soil. Many of these ecological scientists have created ways to control this invasive species. One of the main ways to control A. agrestis is controlled burn in grassy fields and some forests. This method removes leaf litter, the main food source for the species, which should thoroughly control its overall population.\n\nThe Asian jumping worm follows an annual life cycle. At least six months out of the year, it spends its time in the larval stage, then adults appear between May and June."
    },{
      "name":["Chondracanthus exasperatus"],
      "introduction":"\n\nChondracanthus exasperatus, commonly called Turkish towel, is a species of seaweed in the family Gigartinaceae. The specific epithet exasperatus (lit. 'roughened') refers to the bumpy texture of the blades (leaf-like structures). This texture also leads to the common name which evokes the luxurious feel of a towel from a Turkish bath. The rough, papillae-strewn blade surface even makes it difficult to measure the temperature using infrared thermometers.",
      "sections":"It is a perennial species. Like many species in Gigartinaceae, the appearance of C. exasperatus can vary depending upon grown conditions. It can be confused with Chondracanthus spinosus and Gigartina binghamiae, and it might take RFLP analysis to be sure of the species. In addition, the names of the species in the genera Gigartina and Chondracanthus have been adjusted several times since 1961.  It is also similar to Mastocarpus species, known as Turkish washcloths, but is smaller, with branched blades. The leaf margins of the blades are smooth in cooler water and then become toothed and jagged as the temperature increases. In more exposed areas, the blades are thicker. Increased water velocity will cause the blades to change shape. The color of the thallus is greenish when exposed to ultraviolet light, but when it grows in deeper water it is darker red to purple. Though it prefers lower water temperatures it can grow at 25 °C, but ends up dark red to black in color and having flat or cylindrical branch clusters.\n\nAs originally described, C. exasperatus has a leafy stipe, with large 2–3 feet (0.61–0.91 m) long leathery-membranaceous blades that are lanceolate and simple. The blade, and the majority of the thallus, is purplish-red. Blade margins are thick, with rounded teeth, and appendiculate. The thallus has simple, ramenta-like spiny projections (papillae) thickly strewn on both sides. Coccoid pedicels are in marginal spines emerging from the thallus.\n\nC. exasperatus grows the fastest in the summer and slowest near the winter solstice. Thalli have a moisture content of about 81.4% and protein content of 1.59-1.97%.\n\nC. exasperatus is found on the Pacific coast of North America from Baja California north to Sitka Sound. The type locality is in Puget Sound opposite Fort Nisqually. It grows on rocks in semi-exposed or semi-protected areas of the upper subtidal to lower intertidal zone, down to a depth of 20m.\n\nProliferation of invasive species such as Mazzaella japonica have a negative impact on the growth of C. exasperatus. C. exasperatus is also susceptible to infection by the parasitic oomycete Pythium marinum.\n\nC. exasperatus decomposes quickly, faster than most other species, indicating its importance to detritivores and to nutrient cycling.  The high rate of decomposition also means that it is harder to find washed ashore as wrack and that its importance in the ecosystem may be underrepresented in research.\n\nHowever, amphipods such as Megalorchestia californiana and Traskorchestia spp. (including Traskorchestia traskiana) will avoid C. exasperatus. The isopod Ligia pallasii and the green sea urchin (Strongylocentrotus droebachiensis) also seems to prefer to eat other seaweed species. A diet of C. exasperatus can slow or decrease shell length in juvenile white abalone (Haliotis sorenseni) at extreme water temperatures, and possibly can be deadly at 18 °C or above raising concerns related to global warming.\n\nCommercial aquaculture in both tanks and on nets of C. exasperatus was attempted as early as the 1970s in Washington state. It can also be grown in the air if sprayed with sea water, which conserves water but risks losing the crop if the pumps fail. The gel within the blades has also been harvested to make cosmetics. Intact blades are used in baths or for thalassotherapy, along with species such as feather boa (Egregia menziesii), finger kelp (Laminaria digitata), and Fucus."
    },{
      "name":["Macrochlamys indica"],
      "introduction":"\n\nTanychlamys indica, also known as the horntail snail is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk, in the family Ariophantidae.",
      "sections":"This species occurs in countries including:\n\nThis species has not yet become established in the USA, but it is considered to represent a potentially serious threat as a pest, an invasive species which could negatively affect agriculture, natural ecosystems, human health or commerce. Therefore, it has been suggested that this species be given top national quarantine significance in the USA. In August 2020 a single horntail was found in Miami-Dade County, Florida.\n\nThe shell is perforate, depressed, smooth, polished throughout, translucent, pale brownish tawny, not distinctly striated, but with microscopic longitudinal impressed lines, slightly flexuous and not close together. The spire is low, conoid. The suture is slightly impressed. The shell has 5.5 whorls, that are slightly convex above. The last whorl is not descending. The last whorl is rounded at the periphery and moderately convex beneath.\n\nThe aperture is slightly oblique and broadly lunate. The peristome is thin in one plane, with columellar margin is curved, oblique, never quite vertical, carried forward and briefly reflected above.\n\nThe width of the shell is 16–18.5 mm. The height of the shell is 8.5 mm.\n\nThe animal is purplish grey not black, elongate. The right shell-lobe is small, the left is narrowly reflected over the edge of the peristome, and at the basal side gives off a short tongue-like process. The right dorsal lobe is narrow and elongate, the left in two distinct portions.\n\nIn the genitalia is a moderately long cylindrical blunt kalc-sac is given off at the junction of the vas deferens, and the caecum of the penis, to which the retractor muscle is attached, is sharply coiled. The dart-sac is long, the spermatheca short and elongately pearshaped.\n\nThe radula contains about 88 rows of teeth, with the arrangement: 34.2.9.1.9.2.34 (45.1.45)."
    },{
      "name":["Camarhynchus heliobates"],
      "introduction":"\n\nGeospiza heliobates\n\nThe mangrove finch (Camarhynchus heliobates) is a species of bird in the Darwin's finch group of the tanager family Thraupidae. It is endemic to the Galápagos Islands. It was found on the islands of Fernandina and Isabela, but recent surveys have failed to record the species on Fernandina. It has been classified as critically endangered by BirdLife International, with an estimated population of 20–40 mature individuals in 2021, located in two large mangroves on Isabela. A study has shown that the two small populations remaining on Isabela Island have begun undergoing speciation and that one or both populations will eventually become extinct due to a lack of interbreeding.",
      "sections":"Observations of widespread dieback in Black mangrove trees in 2019 have raised concerns. While the mangrove finch can survive without these trees, they are the preferred nest sites. Changes in rainfall patterns negatively impact the population, resulting in fewer females attaining breeding condition. The species faces additional pressure from potential sea level rise driven by climate change.\n\nThe main predators of the mangrove finch are cats, fire ants, paper wasps, and especially destructive black rats and parasitic flies. The black rats (Rattus rattus) are predators that account for 54% mortality rate of the mangrove finch during egg incubation, while the larvae of the avian vampire fly (Philornis downsi) add an additional 14% mortality rate of newly hatched chicks. Due to high predation rates in 2007 and 2008, rat poison was spread throughout different mangrove sites where the finches lived, which decreased rat predation to 30% mortality of the finch eggs. A year before the rat poison was dispersed, predation was observed in 70% of nests and the average success of nesting was 18%.  By 2013, the avian vampire fly (introduced to the Galapagos Islands circa 1960s) had spread and killed about 55% of Darwin's finch nestlings within nests.\n\nThe mangrove finch is classified as critically endangered on the IUCN Red List, with only 20–40 mature individuals as of 2021.\n\nIn January 2014, project researchers reported successfully raising 15 mangrove finch chicks in captivity and releasing them back into the wild. Since then, 36 fledglings have been \"head-started\" and the project is building on this success.\n\nThe Mangrove Finch Project is a bi-institutional project carried out by the Charles Darwin Foundation and Galapagos National Park in collaboration with San Diego Zoo Global and Durrell Wildlife Conservation Trust. The project is supported by the Galapagos Conservation Trust, the Mohamed bin Zayed Species Conservation Fund, Durrell Wildlife Conservation Trust, The Leona M. and Harry B. Helmsley Charitable Trust, Galapagos Conservancy, and the British Embassy in Ecuador.\n\nThe presence of invasive species, particularly the black rat, poses a significant threat to the mangrove finch. High rat abundance at breeding sites has led to substantial nesting failure due to predation and low fledgling success. Additional introduced predators, such as feral cats, smooth-billed ani, and fire ants, have also been identified as potential threats. The blood-sucking nest parasite Philornis downsi represents a significant and ongoing threat to the mangrove finch. It is present in all nests, with a high infestation rate, leading to substantial chick mortality. The impact of this parasite has become more prominent as invasive rodents have been controlled.\n\nThe potential arrival of avian pox poses another significant threat to the species, as the mangrove finch lacks exposure and resilience to this disease. The small population size makes the species inherently vulnerable to inbreeding, loss of genetic diversity, and hybridization with other species."
    },{
      "name":["Cortaderia jubata"],
      "introduction":"\n\nCortaderia atacamensis\n\nCortaderia jubata is a species of grass known by several common names, including purple pampas grass and Andean pampas grass. It is similar to its more widespread relative, the pampas grass C. selloana, but it can get quite a bit taller, approaching seven meters in height at maximum.\n\nThis grass is native to the northern Andes but it is well-known elsewhere as an invasive species noxious weed. This grass has only pistillate parts, that is, all individuals are female. It reproduces by apomixis, in which embryos develop without fertilization.",
      "sections":"This pampas grass, Cortaderia jubata, has long, thin, razor-edged leaves forming a large bunch grass tussock from which the eye-catching inflorescences arise. At the top of a stem several meters in height is an inflorescence of plumelike spikelets. These panicles are pink or purplish when new and they gradually turn cream or white. Each inflorescence is packed full of fruits which develop despite the plant's having never been fertilized. Each plant produces millions of seeds per year. They disperse easily by several methods, including wind, water, and soil transport.\n\nIn New Zealand C. jubata is listed on the National Pest Plant Accord prohibiting it from sale, and commercial propagation and distribution.\n\nCortaderia jubata grows well in the conditions provided by the cool, moist California coast, where it was presumably an introduced species as an attractive ornamental plant. It is a common weed of Redwood National and State Parks, the Central Coast region, and Big Sur, as well as other coastal hillsides and roadsides throughout the state. The plant competes with native vegetation, interferes with the natural scenery of the unique  ecosystems and habitats (i.e. redwood and coastal sage scrub), harbors pest species such as rats, and produces large amounts of dry foliage which is a wildfire hazard.\n\nThe plant features on the list of invasive alien species of Union concern. This means that it cannot be traded anymore.\n\nC. jubata is morphologically similar to the related invasive plant, C. selloana. The invasion success of both is most strongly limited by mammalian herbivory."
    },{
      "name":["Ciona savignyi"],
      "introduction":"\n\nCiona aspera Herdman, 1886\n\nCiona savignyi is a marine animal sometimes known as the Pacific transparent sea squirt or solitary sea squirt. It is a species of tunicates in the family Cionidae. It is found in shallow waters around Japan and has spread to the west coast of North America where it is regarded as an invasive species.",
      "sections":"Ciona savignyi is a solitary, bottle or vase-shaped tunicate growing to a length of about 15 cm (6 in). It is usually broader near the base and this part is permanently attached to a hard surface. The outer covering or tunic is soft and gelatinous, translucent, whitish or cream-coloured. The muscle bands and internal organs can often be seen through the tunic. At the narrower, free end, there is a buccal siphon through which water is drawn into the animal. This opening is rimmed by eight yellow-edged lobes each with an orange-red spot. At the side, not far from the buccal siphon, there is an atrial siphon out of which water is pumped. This has six similar yellow lobes with red spots. Five to seven muscle bands run longitudinally along the tunic and the siphons can be retracted when danger threatens. This species can be mistaken for the very similar Ciona intestinalis but Ciona savignyi has white flecks in the tunic wall which C. intestinalis lacks. Nor does C. intestinalis have any reddish colour associated with its buccal siphon.\n\nCiona savignyi is native to Japan, and possibly also to Alaska and British Columbia. In 1985 it was recorded at Long Beach Harbor in California and since then it has spread to a number of other locations in the state. By 1998 it had also been reported in Puget Sound and the San Juan Islands. It favours docks, pilings, marinas, harbours and aquaculture structures and is thought to have spread in ballast water or via the hulls of ships. It is regarded as an invasive species in the United States.\n\nThe first record of the species in the southern hemisphere came from Nelson, New Zealand in April 2010. Since then it has been found in port and harbor areas in New Zealand, and in Hobart, Australia in 2017.[citation needed] While its environmental impact is unclear, the species is able to form dense patches which inevitably compete with native species for planktonic food.\n\nCiona savignyi is a filter feeder. The water drawn in through the buccal siphon passes through a mucus net where planktonic particles are caught. Periodically, this is rolled up and swallowed and a new net is secreted. The water is expelled through the atrial siphon.\n\nLike other tunicates, Ciona savignyi is a hermaphrodite. The male and female gonads do not ripen simultaneously so it does not normally self-fertilise. Gametes are released into the sea and after fertilisation, the eggs hatch into tadpole-like larvae. After a few days of development these attach themselves to a firm surface and undergo metamorphosis into juvenile tunicates.\n\nCiona savignyi has one of the highest known levels of genetic diversity of any species.\n\nCiona savignyi is highly self-fertile.  However, non-self sperm outcompete self-sperm in fertilization competition assays.  Gamete recognition is not absolute allowing some self-fertilization.  It was speculated that self-incompatibility evolved to avoid inbreeding depression, but that selfing ability was retained to allow reproduction at low population density."
    },{
      "name":["Lantana camara"],
      "introduction":"\n\nLantana aculeata L.\nCamara vulgaris\n\nLantana camara (common lantana) is a species of flowering plant within the verbena family (Verbenaceae), native to the American tropics. It is a very adaptable species, which can inhabit a wide variety of ecosystems; once it has been introduced into a habitat it spreads rapidly; between 45ºN and 45ºS and less than 1,400 metres (4,600 feet) in altitude.\n\nIt has spread from its native range to around 50 countries, where it has become an invasive species. It first spread out of the Americas when it was brought to Europe by Dutch explorers and cultivated widely, soon spreading further into Asia and Oceania  where it has established itself as a notorious weed, and in Goa Former Estado da Índia Portuguesa it was introduced by the Portuguese.\n\nL. camara can outcompete native species, leading to a reduction in biodiversity. It can also cause problems if it invades agricultural areas as a result of its toxicity to livestock, as well as its ability to form dense thickets which, if left unchecked, can greatly reduce the productivity of farmland by suppressing the pastures (grasses) essential for livestock production and also suppresses crops in cultivated farmlands.",
      "sections":"Lantana camara is a perennial, erect sprawling or scandent, shrub which typically grows to around 2 metres (6+1⁄2 feet) tall and form dense thickets in a variety of environments. Under the right conditions, it can scramble up into trees and can grow to 6 m (20 ft) tall.\n\nThe leaves are broadly ovate, opposite, and simple and have a strong odour when crushed.\n\nL. camara has small tubular-shaped flowers, which each have four petals and are arranged in clusters in terminal areas stems. Flowers come in many different colours, including red, yellow, white, pink and orange, which differ depending on location in inflorescences, age, and maturity. The flower has a tutti frutti smell with a peppery undertone. After pollination occurs, the colour of the flowers changes (typically from yellow to orangish, pinkish, or reddish); this is believed to be a signal to pollinators that the pre-change colour contains a reward as well as being sexually viable, thus increasing pollination efficiency. In frost-free climates the plant can bloom all year round, especially when the soil is moist.\n\nThere are five major flower colour varieties in Australia:\n\nThe fruit is a berry-like drupe which turns from green to dark purple when mature. Green unripe fruits are inedible to humans and animals alike. Because of dense patches of hard spikes on their rind, ingestion of them can result in serious damage to the digestive tract. Both seed and vegetative reproduction occur. Up to 12,000 fruits can be produced by each plant.\n\nDue to extensive selective breeding throughout the 17th and 18th centuries for use as an ornamental plant, there are now many different cultivars.\n\nOther common names include Cariaquillo (Boriken, Puerto Rico), Visepo (Zambia),Spanish flag, big-sage (Malaysia), Putush (West Bengal), Kongini (Kerala), Ghaneri घाणेरी (Maharashtra), wild-sage, red-sage, white-sage (Caribbean), korsu wiri or korsoe wiwiri (Suriname), mũkigĩ (Kenya), tickberry (South Africa),  Kashi Kothan (Maldives), West Indian lantana, umbelanterna, and Gu Phool in Assam, and Thirei in Manipur , and Banfada in Nepal.\n\nThe name Lantana derives from the Latin name of the wayfaring tree Viburnum lantana, the flowers of which closely resemble Lantana.\n\nCamara is derived from Greek, meaning 'arched', 'chambered', or 'vaulted'.\n\nThe native range of Lantana camara is Central and South America; however, it has become naturalised in around 60 tropical and sub-tropical countries worldwide. It is found frequently in east and southern Africa, where it occurs at altitudes below 2,000 m (6,600 ft), and often invades previously disturbed areas such as logged forests and areas cleared for agriculture.\nL. camara has also spread across the areas of Africa, Southern Europe, such as Spain and Portugal, and also the Middle East, India, tropical Asia, Australia, New Zealand, and the US, as well as many Atlantic, Pacific and Indian Ocean islands. It has become a significant weed in Sri Lanka after escaping from the Royal Botanical Gardens in 1926. Lantanas were brought to Australia as an ornamental garden plant in 1841, which spread and escaped domestic cultivation and became established in the wild within 20 years. They were brought to India by the British around 200 years ago, which then spread and became invasive there as well. A national-level monitoring in 2023 found that L. camara has invaded around 50% natural areas in India.\n\nIt was introduced into the Philippines from Hawaii as part of an exchange program between the United States and the Philippines; however, it managed to escape and has become naturalized in the islands. It has also been introduced to the whole southern US, from California to North Carolina, and is considered hardy in US Department of Agriculture zones 10 and 11.\n\nThe range of L. camara is still increasing, shown by the fact that it has invaded many islands on which it was not present in 1974, including the Galapagos Islands, Saipan and the Solomon Islands. There is also evidence that L. camara is still increasing its range in areas where it has been established for many years, such as East Africa, Australia and New Zealand. The ability of L. camara to rapidly colonise areas of land which have been disturbed has allowed it to proliferate in countries where activities such as logging, clearance for agriculture and forest fires are common. In contrast, in countries with large areas of intact primary forest, the distribution of L. camara has been limited.\n\nBirds and other animals eat the seeds, helping spread them over large distances.\n\nThe species is found in a variety of environments, including:\n\nL. camara is rarely found in natural or semi-natural areas of forest, as it is unable to compete with taller trees due to its lack of tolerance for shade. Instead it grows at the forest edge. L. camara can survive in a wide range of climatic conditions, including drought, different soil types, heat, humidity and salt. It is also relatively fire tolerant and can quickly establish itself in recently burnt areas of forest.\n\nL. camara is listed in the IUCN's \"List of the world's 100 worst invasive species\". L. camara is considered to be a weed in large areas of the Paleotropics where it has established itself. In agricultural areas or secondary forests it can become the dominant understorey shrub, crowding out other native species and reducing biodiversity. The formation of dense thickets of L. camara can significantly slow down the regeneration of forests by preventing the growth of new trees.\n\nIn the US, L. camara is considered invasive in tropical areas such as Florida and Hawaii.\n\nIn Thailand, some species of Phakakrong are weeds that can be found throughout the country. Most outbreaks were found in Mae Hong Son and Kanchanaburi provinces.\n\nAlthough L. camara is itself quite resistant to fire, it can change fire patterns in a forest ecosystem by altering the fuel load, causing a buildup of forest fuel, which itself increases the risk of fires spreading to the canopy. This can be particularly destructive in dry, arid areas where fire can spread quickly and lead to the loss of large areas of natural ecosystem.\n\nL. camara reduces the productivity in pasture through the formation of dense thickets, which reduce growth of crops as well as make harvesting more difficult. There are also secondary impacts, including the finding that in Africa, mosquitos which transmit malaria and tsetse flies shelter within the bushes of L. camara.\n\nWhile a study in the Western Ghats, did not find significant impacts of L. camara invasion on a few native plant indicators, many other studies have found substantial impacts of its invasion on various biodiversity indicators.\n\nThere are many reasons why L. camara has been so successful as an invasive species; however, the primary factors which have allowed it to establish itself are:\n\nEffective management of invasive L. camara in the long term will require a reduction in activities that create degraded habitats. Maintaining functioning (healthy) ecosystems is key to preventing invasive species from establishing themselves and out-competing native fauna and flora. If the area is not very large, use the method of clearing and digging out the roots. Chemicals may be used for disposal. In some areas, natural Phakarang trees are dug up and bred to become beautiful ornamental plants.\n\nInsects and other biocontrol agents have been implemented with varying degrees of success in an attempt to control L. camara. It was the first weed ever subjected to biological control; however, none of the programs have been successful despite 36 control agents being used across 33 regions.\n\nThe lack of success using biological control in this case is most likely due to the many hybrid forms of L. camara, as well as its large genetic diversity which makes it difficult for the control agents to target all plants effectively. A recent study in India has shown some results around biological control of this plant using tingid bugs.\n\nMechanical control of L. camara involves physically removing the plants. Physical removal can be effective but is labour-intensive and expensive, therefore removal is usually only appropriate in small areas or at the early stages of an infestation. Another method of mechanical control is to use fire treatment, followed by revegetation with native species.\n\nUsing herbicides to manage L. camara is very effective but also expensive, prohibiting its use in many poorer countries where L. camara is well established. The most effective way of chemically treating plant species is to first mow the area, then spray the area with a weed-killer, although this may have serious environmental consequences.[citation needed]\n\nLantana camara is known to be toxic to livestock such as cattle, sheep, horses, dogs and goats. The active substances causing toxicity in grazing animals are pentacyclic triterpenoids called Lantadenes, which result in liver damage and photosensitivity. L. camara also excretes allelopathic chemicals, which reduce the growth of surrounding plants by inhibiting germination and root elongation.\n\nThe toxicity of L. camara to humans is undetermined, with several studies suggesting that ingesting berries can be toxic to humans, such as a study by O. P. Sharma which states \"Green unripe fruits of the plant are toxic to humans\". North Carolina State University's Extension Gardener website states that ingestion of the flowers, fruits, and leaves can cause vomiting, diarrhea, difficulty breathing, and liver failure, while the leaves can cause contact dermatitis. A field guide by the US Department of the Army says the plant can even be fatal. Contrarily, some studies have claimed that the species poses no risk to humans when eaten, and is in fact edible when ripe.\n\nLantana camara stalks have been used in the construction of furniture, such as chairs and tables; however, the main uses have historically been medicinal and ornamental.\n\nStudies conducted in India have found that Lantana leaves can display antimicrobial, fungicidal and insecticidal properties. L. camara has also been used in traditional herbal medicines for treating a variety of ailments, including cancer, skin itches, leprosy, chicken pox, measles, asthma and ulcers.\n\nL. camara extract has shown to reduce gastric ulcer development in rats.\n\nLantana camara has been grown specifically for use as an ornamental plant since Dutch explorers first brought it to Europe from the New World. Its ability to last for a relatively long time without water, and the fact that it does not have many pests or diseases which affect it, have contributed to it becoming a common ornamental plant. L. camara also attracts butterflies and birds and is frequently used in butterfly gardens. As an ornamental, L. camara is often cultivated indoors, or in a conservatory, in cool climates, but can also thrive in a garden with sufficient shelter.\n\nMany butterfly species feed on the nectar of L. camara. Papilio homerus, the largest butterfly in the western hemisphere, is known to feed on the nectar of the flowers as an opportunistic flower feeder. A jumping spider, Evarcha culicivora, has an association with L. camara. They consume the nectar for food and preferentially use these plants as a location for courtship."
    },{
      "name":["Cyprinus carpio"],
      "introduction":"\n\nThe Eurasian carp or European carp (Cyprinus carpio), widely known as the common carp, is a widespread freshwater fish of eutrophic waters in lakes and large rivers in Europe and Asia. The native wild populations are considered vulnerable to extinction by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN), but the species has also been domesticated and introduced (see aquaculture) into environments worldwide, and is often considered a destructive invasive species, being included in the list of the world's 100 worst invasive species. It gives its name to the carp family, Cyprinidae.",
      "sections":"The type subspecies is Cyprinus carpio carpio, native to much of Europe (notably the Danube and Volga rivers).\n\nThe subspecies Cyprinus carpio haematopterus (Amur carp), native to eastern Asia, was recognized in the past, but recent authorities treat it as a separate species under the name Cyprinus rubrofuscus. The common carp and various Asian relatives in their pure forms can be separated by meristics and also differ in genetics, but they are able to interbreed. Common carp can also interbreed with the goldfish (Carassius auratus); the result is called Kollar carp. Another artificial hybrid is Ghost Carp, which is bred between common carp and Japanese Purachina Koi. The large variation of colours produced makes ghost carp a popular commercial species.\n\nThe common carp is native to Europe and Asia and has been introduced to every part of the world except the poles. They are the third most frequently introduced fish species worldwide, and their history as a farmed fish dates back to Roman times. Carp are used as food in many areas but are also regarded as a pest in several regions due to their ability to out-compete native fish stocks. The original common carp was found in the inland delta of the Danube River about 2000 years ago and was torpedo-shaped and golden-yellow in colour. It had two pairs of barbels and a mesh-like scale pattern. Although this fish was initially kept as an exploited captive, it was later maintained in large, specially built ponds by the Romans in south-central Europe (verified by the discovery of common carp remains in excavated settlements in the Danube delta area). As aquaculture became a profitable branch of agriculture, efforts were made to farm the animals, and the culture systems soon included spawning and growing ponds. The common carp's native range also extends to the Black Sea, Caspian Sea, and Aral Sea.[citation needed]\n\nBoth European and Asian subspecies have been domesticated. In Europe, domestication of carp as food fish was spread by monks between the 13th and 16th centuries. The wild forms of carp had already reached the delta of the Rhine in the 12th century, probably with some human help. Variants that have arisen with domestication include the mirror carp, with large, mirror-like scales (linear mirror – scaleless except for a row of large scales that run along the lateral line; originating in Germany), the leather carp (virtually unscaled except near dorsal fin), and the fully scaled carp. Koi carp (錦鯉 (nishikigoi) in Japanese, 鯉魚 (pinyin: lĭ yú) in Chinese) is a domesticated ornamental variety that originated in the Niigata region of Japan in the 1820s, but its parent species are likely the East Asian carp, possibly C. rubrofuscus.\n\nThe carp has a robust build, with a dark gold sheen that is most prominent on its head. Its body is adorned with large conspicuous scales that are very shiny. It has large pectoral fins and a tapering dorsal fin running down the last two thirds of its body, getting progressively higher as it nears the carp's head. Its caudal and anal fins may either be a dark bronze or washed with a rubbery orange hue. There are two or three spines on the anal fin, the first being serrated, and the dorsal fin has three or four anterior spines, the first of which is also serrated. The mouth of the carp is downward-turned, with two pairs of barbels, one pair at the corners of the upper lip, and the other on the lower. Wild common carp are typically slimmer than domesticated forms, with body length about four times body height, red flesh, and a forward-protruding mouth. Common carp can grow to very large sizes if given adequate space and nutrients. Their average growth rate by weight is about half the growth rate of domesticated carp. They do not reach the lengths and weights of domesticated carp, which (range, 3.2–4.8 times) can grow to a maximum length of 120 centimetres (47 in), a maximum weight of over 40 kilograms (88 lb). The longest-lived common carp documented was of wild-origin (in non-native habitat of North America), and was 64 years of age. The largest recorded carp, caught by British angler, Colin Smith, in 2013 at Etang La Saussaie Fishery, France, weighed 45.59 kilograms (100.5 lb). The average size of the common carp is around 40–80 cm (16–31 inches) and 2–14 kg (4.4–30.9 lb).[citation needed]\n\nAlthough tolerant of most conditions, common carp prefer large bodies of slow or standing water and soft, vegetative sediments. As schooling fish, they prefer to be in groups of five or more. They naturally live in temperate climates in fresh or slightly brackish water with a pH of 6.5–9.0 and salinity up to about 0.5%, and temperatures of 3 to 35 °C (37–95 °F). The ideal temperature is 23 to 30 °C (73–86 °F), with spawning beginning at 17 to 18 °C (63–64 °F); they easily survive winter in a frozen-over pond, as long as some free water remains below the ice. Carp are able to tolerate water with very low oxygen levels, by gulping air at the surface.\n\nCommon carp are omnivorous. They can eat a herbivorous diet of aquatic plants, plant tubers, and seeds, but prefer to scavenge the bottom for insects, crustaceans (including zooplankton and crawfish), molluscs, benthic worms, fish eggs, and fish remains. Common carp feed throughout the day with the most intensive feeding at night and around sunrise.\n\nCommon carp are benthic feeders and root in sediment for food items. Their barbels may help to feel for food embedded in the sediment, like plant tubers or annelids. Carp pick up sediment by generating suction and mouth the content to identify and select food items by taste and size. Gill rakers form a branchial sieve that may aid in food separation, but the carp is also able to clamp down on food items it detects using a muscular palatal pad and inferior postlingual organ. The sediment is passed back and forth between the mouth and pharynx repeatedly as food is found. The carp may end up spitting out sediment, which contributes to water turbidity.\n\nWhile common carp have no oral teeth, ten pharyngeal teeth are used for crushing or grinding food. The carp has no stomach, and the intestinal length can vary based partially on dietary composition in early life.\n\nAn egg-layer, a typical adult female can lay 300,000 eggs in a single spawn. Although carp typically spawn in the spring, in response to rising water temperatures and rainfall, carp can spawn multiple times in a season. In commercial operations, spawning is often stimulated using a process called hypophysation, where lyophilized pituitary extract is injected into the fish. The pituitary extract contains gonadotropic hormones which stimulate gonad maturation and sex steroid production, ultimately promoting reproduction.[citation needed]\n\nA single carp can lay over a million eggs in a year. Eggs and fry often fall victim to bacteria, fungi, and the vast array of tiny predators in the pond environment. Carp which survive to the juvenile stage are preyed upon by other fish such as the northern pike and largemouth bass, and several birds (including cormorants, herons, goosanders, and ospreys) and mammals (including otter and mink).\n\nMirror carp, regionally known as Israeli carp,[note 1] are a type of domesticated fish commonly found in Europe but widely introduced or cultivated elsewhere. They are a variety of the common carp (Cyprinus carpio) developed through selective breeding. The name \"mirror carp\" originates from their scales' resemblance to mirrors.\n\nThe most striking difference between mirror and common carp is the presence of large mirror-like scales on the former. The mirror-scale phenotype is caused by a genetic mutation present at one of two scale trait loci, denoted by their S and N alleles, respectively. The genotype that produces a mirror scale phenotype is \"ssnn\" (all recessive), while wild-type carp may have either SSnn or Ssnn genotype.: 13–14  The \"S\" locus has been identified as containing the gene encoding fibroblast growth factor receptor Fgfr1A1, which was duplicated during the course of carp evolution and consequently does not typically produce lethal phenotypes when only one locus is mutated. The \"N\" locus has not been identified, but is hypothesized to have bearing on the development of embryonic mesenchyme.: 17–18\n\nContrary to popular belief, a leather carp is not always a mirror carp without scales. Similar to mirror carp, leather, or \"nude\" carp, are homozygous recessive at the \"S\" locus, but unlike mirror carp, true leather carp are heterozygous for a dominant mutant allele at the \"N\" locus (ssNn genotype).[note 2] Leather carp also have reduced numbers of red blood cells and slower growth rates than scaled carp.: 16–17  Mirror carp from Hungarian and Asian stocks have been observed to have fewer pharyngeal teeth than scaled carp, while nude carp had fewer still.\n\nA population of mirror carp in Madagascar (there an invasive species) was found to have reverted to full scale cover after being introduced from France in the early twentieth century. The feral Malagasy carp still possessed large scales due to their mirror phenotype, but had increased scale coverage approaching that of wild-type carp. Hubert et al. (2016) found that the recessive allele at the \"S\" locus was still fixed in the population. They believe that the phenotypic reversion was due to compensation by quantitative trait loci as a result of a selective disadvantage for partial scaling in the wild, perhaps related to an impairment in parasite resistance.\n\nCommon carp have been introduced to most continents and some 59 countries. In absence of natural predators or commercial fishing, they may extensively alter their environments due to their reproductive rate and their feeding habit of grubbing through bottom sediments for food. In feeding, they may destroy, uproot, disturb and eat submerged vegetation, causing serious damage to food sources and habitats of native duck (such as canvasbacks) and fish populations.\n\nIn 2020, scientists demonstrated that a small proportion of fertilized common carp eggs ingested by waterfowl survive passing through the digestive tract and hatch after being retrieved from the feces. Birds exhibit strong preference for fish eggs, while cyprinids produce hundreds of thousands of eggs at a single spawning event. These data indicate that despite the low proportion of eggs surviving the digestive tract of birds, endozoochory might provide a potentially overlooked dispersal mechanism of invasive cyprinid fish. If proven under natural circumstances, endozoochorous dispersal of invasive fish could be a strong conservation concern for freshwater biodiversity.[citation needed]\n\nCarp were introduced to Australia over 150 years ago but were not seen as a recognised pest species until the \"Boolarra\" strain appeared in the 1960s. After spreading massively through the Murray–Darling basin, aided by massive flooding in 1974, they have established themselves in every Australian territory except for the Northern Territory. In Victoria, the common carp has been declared a noxious fish species, and the quantity a fisherman can take is unlimited. In South Australia, it is an offence for this species to be released back to the wild. An Australian company produces plant fertilizer from carp.\n\nEfforts to eradicate a small colony from Lake Crescent in Tasmania, without using chemicals, have been successful, but the long-term, expensive and intensive undertaking is an example of both the possibility and difficulty of safely removing the species once it is established. One proposal, regarded as environmentally questionable, is to control common carp numbers by deliberately exposing them to the carp-specific koi herpes virus with its high mortality rate. In 2016, the Australian Government announced plans to release this virus into the Murray–Darling basin in an attempt to reduce the number of invasive common carp in the water system. However, in 2020, this plan was found to be unlikely to work. The CSIRO has also developed a technique for genetically modifying carp so that they only produce male offspring. This daughterless carp method shows promise for totally eradicating carp from Australia's waterways.[citation needed]\n\nCommon carp were brought to the United States in 1831. In the late 19th century, they were distributed widely throughout the country by the government as a food fish, but they are now rarely eaten in the United States, where they are generally considered pests. As in Australia, their introduction has been shown to have negative environmental consequences.\n\nIn Utah, the common carp's population in Utah Lake is expected to be reduced by 75 percent by using nets to catch millions of them, and either giving them to people who will eat them or processing them into fertilizer. This, in turn, will give the declining population of the native June sucker a chance to recover. Another method of control is to trap them with seine nets in tributaries they use to spawn, and exposing them to the piscicide rotenone. This method has been shown to reduce their impact within 24 hours and greatly increase native vegetation and desirable fish species. It also allows native fish to prey more easily on young carp.[citation needed]\n\nCommon carp are thought to have been introduced into the Canadian province of British Columbia from the neighboring Washington state. They were first noted in the Okanagan Valley in 1912, as was their rapid growth in population. Carp are currently distributed in the lower Columbia (Arrow Lakes), lower Kootenay, Kettle (Christina Lake), and throughout the Okanagan system.\n\nCommon carp contributed around 4.67 million tons on a global scale during 2015–2016, roughly accounting for 7.4% of the total global inland fisheries production. In Europe, common carp contributed 1.8% (0.17 Mt) of the total inland fisheries production (9.42 Mt) during 2015–2016. It is a major farmed species in European freshwater aquaculture with production localized in central and eastern European countries. The Russian Federation (0.06 Mt) followed by Poland (0.02 Mt), Czech Republic (0.02 Mt), Hungary (0.01 Mt) and Ukraine (0.01 Mt) represents about 70% of carp production in Europe during 2016. In fact, the land‐locked central European countries rely heavily on common carp aquaculture in fishponds. The average productivity of carp culture systems in central European countries ranges between 0.3 and 1 ton ha−1. The European common carp production, in terms of volume, reached its peak (0.18 Mt) during 2009–2010 and has been declining since. Carp farming is often criticized as an anthropogenic driver of eutrophication of inland freshwater bodies - especially in the Central Eastern European Region (CEER). There has been some debate between environmentalists and carp farmers concerning eutrophication of water bodies, manifested into lobbying at ministry levels surrounding fishpond legislations. European carp aquaculture in fish ponds most likely has the least nutrient burden to the environment than most food production sectors in the European Union.\n\nThe Romans farmed carp and this pond culture continued through the monasteries of Europe and to this day. In China, Korea, and Japan, carp farming took place as early as the Yayoi period (c. 300 BC – AD 300).\n\nThe annual tonnage of common carp produced in China alone, not to mention the other cyprinids, exceeds the weight of all other fish, such as trout and salmon, produced by aquaculture worldwide. Roughly three million tonnes are produced annually, accounting for 14% of all farmed freshwater fish in 2002. China is by far the largest commercial producer, accounting for about 70% of carp production. Carp is eaten in many parts of the world both when caught from the wild and raised in aquaculture.\n\nCommon carp are extremely popular with anglers in many parts of Europe, and their popularity as quarry is slowly increasing among anglers in the United States (though they are still generally considered pests and destroyed in most areas of the U.S.), and southern Canada. Carp are also popular with spear, bow, and fly fishermen.\n\nIn Central Europe, it is a traditional part of a Christmas Eve dinner. Hungarian fisherman's soup, a specially prepared fish soup of carp alone or mixed with other freshwater fish, is part of the traditional meal for Christmas Eve in Hungary along with stuffed cabbage and poppy seed roll and walnut roll. A traditional Czech Christmas Eve dinner is a thick soup of carp's head and offal, fried carp meat (sometimes the meat is skinned and baked instead) with potato salad or boiled carp in black sauce. A Slovak Christmas Eve dinner is quite similar, with soup varying according to the region and fried carp as the main dish. Also in Austria, parts of Germany, and Poland, a fried carp is one of the traditional dishes on Christmas Eve.\n\nCarp are mixed with other common fish to make gefilte fish, popular in Jewish cuisine. \n\nIn Western Europe, the carp is cultivated more commonly as a sport fish, although there is a small market for it as a food fish.\n\nIn the United States, carp is mostly ignored as a food fish. Almost all U.S. shoppers bypass carp, due to a preference for filleted fish as opposed to cooking whole. Carp have smaller intramuscular bones called y-bones, which makes them a whole fish species for cooking.\n\nWhen Eurasian Carp was introduced to Lake Toba, it was adapted to be used for the traditional dish Arsik."
    }